arouse	вызывать, пробуждать	Something aroused their interest.
pretty	довольно-таки	The water of the fjord is pretty cold.
grand	большой, великий	We arrived at the Grand Canyon from Pittsburgh.
volume	громкость	The volume knob is the leftest.
draw (drew, drawn)	тянуть, влечь	I drew the curtain aside to let her see it.
coach	автобус, вагон, телега	Coach travel is back in fashion.
provide	обеспечивать, снабжать	The hens provided us with fresh eggs.
cope with	совладать, справиться	The police couldn't cope with the civil unrest.
condition	состояние	Bonhams, 1938. For sale in good condition.
land	приземляться, высаживаться	Мarines landed in Da Nang on 8 March 1965.
scope	пределы, район	It let us narrow the scope of our search.
pack	пачка, связка, колода, и т. д.	My girlfriend wants me to read this pack of books.
craft	ремесло, мастерство	This craft requires inhuman patience.
worth	стоимость, стоящий	Beyond all doubt, Alhambra is worth seeing.
urban	городской	Urban life is full of contradictions.
pond	пруд	The pond is for ducks only.
familiar	знакомый	The number seems familiar, but I'm not sure.
tap	стучать	She smiled and tapped a tune on the table.
column	столб, колонна	I'm gonna climb that column before it's dark.
guilt	вина	There was no doubt of his guilt.
arm	рука	He had a stronger arm, I had a better technique.
chamber	кабинет, зал, палата, камера	Now it hangs on the wall of the chamber.
owe	задолжать	How much do I owe you?
include	включать, содержать в себе	The set also includes an ivory syringe.
appoint	назначать, утверждать	I have a meeting appointed for this evening
celebrate	праздновать	Independence Day is celebrated on July 4th.
abuse	оскорблять, бранить, брань	Please don't abuse me. I'm doing my job.
dig (dug, dug)	копать	My father and I dug a well of 20 feet in depth.
behavior	поведение	We described the social behavior of baboons.
cable	канат, кабель, трос и т.д.	The underwater cable connects continents.
intelligent	умный	His wife is more intelligent than him.
admit	признавать, допускать	Sometimes we make mistakes, let's admit it.
cream	крем, сливки	I drank coffee with cream for many years.
appropriate	присвоить	The governor appropriated $3 million.
root	корень	His burrow was under the roots of an old tree.
compare	сравнить	Look at them attentively, compare them.
human	человек, человеческий	These were the only humans we met there.
slay (slew, slain)	умертвить	Saint George came and slew the serpent.
persist	сохраниться	This tradition persists in some areas.
wide	широкий, просторный	The widest river in the world is the Amazon River.
width	ширина	The width is not enough. The bed won't pass.
quarter	четверть	We left you a quarter of the pizza. Appreciate it.
vanish	исчезнуть	The cell phone vanished from the nightstand.
stir	шевелить(ся), двигать и т.д.	Stir the butter and sugar into a cream.
opening	отверстие	Can you put your hand through the opening?
library	библиотека	I found it in the college library.
link	связь, звено, ссылка	A chain fails at its weakest link.
expose	выставлять, обнажать	She exposed her neck to let me see it was ok.
dig up	откопать	Where did you dig up such an ugly dress?
narrate	повествовать, рассказывать	Grandfather liked to narrate this amazing story.
enable	давать возможность	Their sharp claws enable them to climb trees.
laugh	смеяться	She even laughed at my jokes.
example	пример	It's a great example of Aztec Architecture.
stake	стойка, кол, столб	The witch must be bound to a stake and burned.
decent	приличный, достойный	Find a decent job? No, thanks.
owe	быть обязанным чем-л.	We owe this park to you, sir.
glove	перчатка	Can you read what's on these gloves?
cure	лечить	You can be cured with electroshock therapy.
avoid	избегать	She has avoided you since then.
think over	обдумать	Some strange shit! I need to think it over.
emerge	появляться	Finally, a ship emerged on the horizon.
take	воспринимать	Don't take it seriously. Take it easy.
fisherman	рыбак	It was one of the stories the fishermen tell.
conscious	сознательный, сознающий	So try to be conscious of your emotions.
detect	обнаружить, выявить	A new app can detect an earthquake.
anywhere	где угодно, куда угодно	Now we can go anywhere.
dare	осмелиться	I wouldn't dare jump like that.
anger	гнев	There's no such thing as anger management.
stuff	вещи, всякая фигня	There is a lot of waste stuff in the backyard.
fortunate	удачный	I was fortunate to see this rare phenomenon.
wilderness	глушь, дикая местность	We'll never find you in this wilderness.
shut out	не впускать	They distrust, and therefore shut out the police.
noise	шум	Not a signal, nothing, just white noise.
fat	жир, жирный	He flopped on his fat ass and gripped the burger.
fail	потерпеть неудачу	Den failed to cross the river.
steady	устойчивый	Please check if the ladders are steady.
loss	потеря	In case of loss of things, we'll pocket them.
path	путь	The path led us to the old village of Colburn.
upside down	вверх ногами	I can hang upside down, look.
cozy	уютный	She couldn't wait to get back to her cozy room.
depict	изображать, описывать	In each part, Dante depicts his imaginary voyage.
room	место, пространство	There is just enough room for eight dogs in the car.
lens	линза, объектив	In 1971, soft contact lenses were invented.
tail	хвост	Please leave my tail alone.
can	банка	Hold these cans.
flour	мука	Wheat flour contains dangerous gluten.
magazine	журнал	She looked like a woman I saw in a magazine.
tense	напряжённый, напрягать	The atmosphere was as tense as a guitar string.
way	способ	Look, this is the way to reload it.
split (split, split)	расколоться, распасться	There is a split rock created long ago by glaciers.
ring (rang, rung)	звонить, звонок	The old unconnected phone rang twice.
thumb	большой палец	It's a typical hitchhiker's thumbs-up gesture.
boundary	граница, черта	The river is a boundary between two states.
wage	заработок, оплата	Also, your wages will be modest.
point	смысл, суть	The point is, we don't need immigrants.
favor	благоприятствовать	Fortune favors the brave.
chef	шеф-повар	Chef Lorenzo makes it daily.
considerable	крупный, значительный	The region has considerable reserves of onyx.
multiple	множественный, неединичный	Scissors with multiple blades? For what?
lessen	уменьшать(ся)	The ozone layer lessens the amount of UV.
landmark	ориентир	This is the highest landmark in Gibraltar.
solid	сплошной	Don't cross the double solid line here.
herb	трава	This herb is called dill.
topic	тема, предмет обсуждения	Today's topic is: What is a wingman.
hurt (hurt, hurt)	причинять боль или болеть	You hurt me, sir!
affiliate	филиал, отделение, мл. партнёр	We have affiliates in most states.
anxiety	беспокойство, тревога	I also suffered from depression and anxiety.
wave	волна	Catch the wave before it passes you by.
long ago	давно	It was so long ago, but I remember that day clearly.
space	пространство	There was just enough space to pass.
cord	верёвка, шнур	My sister lost the power cord for my XBox.
vision	зрение или видение	Its vision allows it to see a fish a mile away.
dozen	дюжина	We have a dozen of eggs (not very fresh).
several	несколько	I met several locals on the shore.
terms	отношения	I am on good terms with Shosho.
generous	великодушный, щедрый	Solomon was a generous patron of the arts.
bay	залив	It's on the shore of Hudson Bay in Manitoba.
duty	обязанность, служба	Laws require that lifeguards are on duty.
database	база данных	I stole their database of customers.
prompt	побуждать, подстрекать	Famine and drought prompt them to migrate.
observe	наблюдать	He doesn't know he's being observed.
spill	проливать, рассыпать	This swine always spills something.
brief	краткий	I had a brief conversation with that congressman.
neck	шея	This exercise relaxes neck muscles.
society	общество	British society is multicultural.
weak	слабый	Man is weak, and he lacks intelligence.
result in	привести к	His work resulted in the invention of the telegraph.
day off	выходной	It's so nice to spend a day off in a hammock.
customs	таможня	I was going to bring it through customs.
greet	приветствовать	We greet each other this way.
edge	край	Come on, come closer to the edge.
preserve	сохранять, беречь	It was established to preserve elephants.
handsome	красивый (обычно о мужчинах)	He is handsome and, what is more, very rich.
lack	недостаток, нуждаться	This soil is barren due to a lack of water.
skin	кожа	The surface area of our skin is about 2 sq.meters.
encourage	поддерживать, поощрять	The leader's job is to encourage the team.
discourage	отговорить, демотивировать	She discouraged me from telling him the truth.
harass	тревожить, изводить	The old fart kept sexually harassing me.
task	задание, задача	Our primary task is to block the northern road.
aid	помощь, помогать	12 people and one dog came to the aid.
boil	кипеть, кипятить, варить	The boiling spring is surrounded by slippery mud.
adventure	приключение	Here my Indian adventures started.
weave	плести, ткать	We weave baskets from old magazines.
flavor	вкус, приправлять	The tea is flavored with the finest bergamot.
remove	убрать, удалить	Some 82% of women remove hair from their legs.
shadow	тень	A spooky shadow appeared on the stairs.
suburb	пригород	Milngavie is a dull suburb.
complex	сложный	There is a complex road junction near Seattle.
birth	рождение	Maybe my birth was a mistake.
exploit	использовать, эксплуатировать	They exploit the energy of falling water.
contain	содержать	The homemade mayonnaise contains a raw egg.
bargain	сделка, торговаться	Always bargain. They like it.
tool	инструмент	Use the tools as they are supposed to be used.
agenda	повестка дня	What else is on the agenda?
ancestor	предок	He stopped at the portrait of his noted ancestor.
missile	ракета	This missile is not very reliable.
elaborate (on)	разработать, хорошо проработанный	They elaborated on a complicated dungeon system.
pool	бассейн	I found a strange pendant in the pool.
substitute	заменять, замена	The 14th was substituted with the 99th.
lone	одинокий	Only a lone heron fished near the bank.
amaze	поражать, изумлять	They were amazed to see what I had done.
blonde	блондинка	There are many stereotypes about blondes.
fascinate	очаровывать	I was so fascinated that I forgot about Clara.
violent	яростный, жестокий	Be violent, be strong, be clever.
relief	облегчение	I felt a sense of incredible relief.
exclude	исключать	This kind of food should be excluded.
visible	видимый	The lights on the shore again became visible.
roll	рулон, клубок, свиток и т. д.	Why four rolls?
carry out	выполнить	Now go and carry out the order.
rape	насиловать, изнасилование	The rape of Lucretia led to great events.
manual	руководство, учебник	If nothing helps, read the manual.
honor (honour)	честь, чтить	The Colonel is a man of honour.
miss	скучать	I miss those days when we all were friends.
oil	масло	It takes 20 pounds of olives to make a liter of oil.
field	поле, область	There must be something interesting in this field.
render	делать, придавать свойство	The Gulf Stream renders the climate much milder.
accelerate	ускорять	The horse accelerated to a full gallop.
poke	совать, тыкать	I just poked her with my finger like that.
steel	сталь, стальной	The Heart of Steel is a monument in Rotherham.
bring (brought, brought)	принести	I brought you some firewood.
unit	единица, элемент	The phoenix is the most useless unit in the game.
penalty	наказание	It is the inevitable penalty for your sins.
matter	вещество, материя	Dark matter is an unidentified type of matter.
conclude	заключать, завершать	'It's not a matter of interface', he concluded.
put it down to	объяснить, списать на	You can put it down to bad luck, but it's Providence.
overnight	ночной, с ночёвкой	We decided to stay overnight in the motel.
poverty	бедность, нищета	Nothing is here but poverty and desperation.
declare	объявлять	The next day, the U.S. declared war on Japan.
period	точка (в предложении)	There is an extra period in the sentence.
race	раса	The various races originate from various planets.
lead	вести	All roads lead to Rome.
condition	условие	Prea has perfect conditions for kitesurfing.
bar	пластина, брусок, прут и т. д.	Don't touch my silver bar.
squeeze	сжимать	I felt like a squeezed orange.
cite	упоминать, цитировать	Here Paul cited the fifth commandment.
annual	ежегодный	The annual fair is the best day of the year here.
bow	бант, бабочка	What is better, a bow or a simple tie?
punish	наказывать	Violators were punished severely.
purple	пурпурный, фиолетовый	I recognized her by her purple pants.
handful	горсть	A handful of blackberries was my whole breakfast.
witness	свидетель	The witness could not remember anything.
grade	оценка	Mike's grades are much better than mine.
pipe	трубка	I used to vape; now I smoke pipe.
restrain	ограничивать, удерживать	This dog is restrained by the leash.
constrain	ограничивать (препятствием)	This dog is constrained by the fence.
suspect	подозревать, подозреваемый	I always suspected you of having a hand in it.
converse	разговаривать	Many can argue; not many converse. (с)
liquid	жидкость, жидкий	Liquids can flow and be poured.
resemble	походить	People say pets often resemble their owners.
decide	решить	Now I need to decide what I want.
witness	свидетель	The witness could not remember anything.
grade	оценка	Mike's grades are much better than mine.
pipe	трубка	I used to vape; now I smoke pipe.
restrain	ограничивать, удерживать	This dog is restrained by the leash.
constrain	ограничивать (препятствием)	This dog is constrained by the fence.
suspect	подозревать, подозреваемый	I always suspected you of having a hand in it.
converse	разговаривать	Many can argue; not many converse. (с)
liquid	жидкость, жидкий	Liquids can flow and be poured.
resemble	походить	People say pets often resemble their owners.
decide	решить	Now I need to decide what I want.
flow	поток, течь	The river flows for another 9 km to enter the lake.
approve	утвердить, одобрить (офиц.)	Congress approved the budget.
approve of	одобрять (субъективно)	Josh approved of my plan.
at first	сначала	At first, I was scared to jump, but now I love it.
occasion	случай, событие	The town was decorated on the occasion of Xmas.
describe	описать	Louis described it in very vivid terms.
rope	верёвка	Please untie that rope.
feature	черта, особенность	An unusual feature of this dog is its long tongue.
by far	безусловно	This is by far the most dangerous part of the path.
drum	барабан, барабанить	The monks drum before the prayer.
emit	испускать, издавать	The monster emitted a greenish light.
indeed	в самом деле	Why indeed?
table	таблица	Even a bear can learn the multiplication table.
hostile	враждебный, неприязненный	That guy had a hostile look aimed at me.
option	выбор, вариант	I believe Salisbury is the best option of the four.
significant	значительный	Religion is still a significant part of American life.
make fun of	смеяться, издеваться	They made fun of my awkward movements.
chop	рубить	I'm tired of chopping the wood. Your turn.
general	общий	This is our general opinion here.
awake (awoke, awoken)	проснуться, бодрствующий	Around 4 a.m. I was still awake.
mere	всего лишь	Sign this paper. It's a mere formality.
perform	выполнить, исполнить	Now we perform this trick perfectly.
lawn	газон	This is Bob, 33, a lawn boy.
gentle	мягкий, тихий, нежный и т. д.	Gentle waves came up and lapped my feet.
beyond	вне, свыше	Beyond the clouds, you will find peace of mind.
hide (hid, hidden)	скрывать	He pissed on the rug and hid under the bed.
postpone	отложить, задержать	I'm afraid we have to postpone our plan for a while.
highlight	выделить, подсветить	Highlight definitions and important concepts.
straight	прямой, прямо	The road went straight through the forest.
deal	сделка	It was a good deal for Mr. Ferrell.
delay	задерживать(ся)	My train was delayed for over an hour.
nerd	ботан, задрот	This guy is a nerd. He is a geek.
fan	вентилятор	Please turn on the fan; it is hot in here.
debt	долг	Your debt is expired.
submit	подавать информацию	Don't submit your personal data to them.
raise	растить (детей)	I raised my daughter just like my mom raised me.
start up	основать, установить	I started up my plastic wishbone business in 2012.
below	ниже, под	The Pyramids below us got smaller and smaller.
climb	взбираться	I shouldn't have climbed that rock.
crash	грохот, крушение, разбивать и т. д.	The result was that it failed the first crash test.
consist of	состоять (из)	The dish consists of exactly seven ingredients.
touch	связь, контакт	Don't lose touch with your friends.
gene	ген	You and a chimp have 98 percent common genes.
neighbour (neighbor)	сосед	Hello neighbor, would you do me a favor?
tender	нежный	The kiss was tender but tentative.
tell apart	различать	So how do you tell them apart?
follow	следовать, следить	Follow me, there is something you should see.
grocery	продуктовый	You can buy it in any grocery store.
consult	советоваться	We stopped at the intersection and consulted the map.
vague	смутный	My recollection is vague, and I may be mistaken.
jury	жюри или присяжные	He failed to gain the sympathies of the jury.
announce	объявлять	A town crier announced the birth of the royal baby.
bring back	вернуть	Bring me back my 2007.
stick	палка, тыкать палкой	Stick fighting is an important part of Angampora.
as though	как будто	She looked as though she was waiting for someone.
court	суд	You have to arrive at the courthouse by 8:00 AM.
tear (tore, torn)	рвать	Then he slowly tore the marriage license in half.
watch	часы (наручные)	Don't envy, this watch is fake.
seek (sought, sought)	искать, стремиться	Hal seeks adventures and finds them.
naked	голый	You can be naked here if you want.
strain	напрягать, напряжение	The wire will not stand the strain.
wear	надевать, носить	He was wearing the bracelet that I made for him.
blast	дуновение, порыв	A blast of wind turned the ship sideways.
grain	зерно, крупица	Its grain is short, almost like arborio rice.
drop out of	бросить (учёбу)	After 6 months Steve dropped out of Reed College.
fireplace	камин	Let me get to the fireplace.
quantity	количество	We need to know the quantity of albatrosses.
crawl	ползать	They just crawl and don't bite.
bag	сумка, мешок	These bags with sand are for you.
grave	могила	Then, who is digging on my grave? (с)
make up	выдумать	Don't be afraid. I made up that story.
practice	практика, практиковать	As with everything, practice makes mastery.
entitle	давать название	The story was entitled 'The Falling Grace'.
pile	куча, стопка	I have a pile of these magazines.
surface	поверхность	Once again, the monster appeared at the surface.
duckling	утёнок	Let's feed the duck and the ducklings.
conduct	вести, поведение	The police conducted a raid against immigrants.
lawsuit	тяжба, судебное дело	The lawsuit is lost, you are up the creek.
seize	схватить	They seized her and put her in a police car.
innocent	невинный, невиновный	The innocent look is deceptive.
curious	любопытный	Giraffes are curious and like to explore.
well	колодец	There is an old well beside Paisley Abbey.
environment	среда, окружение	Biking is good for us and for the environment.
clear	ясный, чистый (пр. и перен.)	It was clear and frosty.
envelope	конверт	He impatiently cut the envelope open.
fill in	заполнить	Filling in blanks is the most boring thing.
see off	провожать (в путь)	That day women saw their husbands off to the war.
credible	заслуживающий доверия	It's the only credible source on the subject.
respond	отвечать	This is how I would respond to your question.
gain	получать, выигрывать	Mrs. Murray gained a million dollars.
anymore	больше не	Don't call me anymore!
urgent	срочный	However, Mr. Harley had an urgent appointment.
honey	мёд	This honey is delicious, it's not for you.
match	соответствие, нечто соответствующее	This warrior is a match for five.
equip	оснащать, снаряжать	They are equipped with protective vests as well.
bump	шишка, выпуклость	After the speed bump, turn right.
island	остров	I planned to spend a couple of days on the island.
hand over	передать	It's time to hand the baton over.
proper	правильный, надлежащий	Use the proper weapon at the proper time.
enhance	повысить, усилить, расширить	This really enhances conscience.
nuclear	ядерный	A nuclear explosion is a magnificent spectacle.
tournament	турнир	We're in the middle of a tournament here.
stem	стебель	Rhubarb stems are used in pie fillings.
inner	внутренний	The inner ear is made up of a bony labyrinth.
outer	внешний	The outer ear is the only visible part.
inspire	вдохновить, внушить	No one inspired Alfred as she did.
spare	щадить, избавить	Please spare me from your opinion.
capable	способный к ч-л.	Cats are capable of seeing in the dark.
dry up	пересохнуть, иссякнуть	The river dried up. We can easily get to the city.
brick	кирпич	All in all, you're just another brick in the wall. (с)
move	переезжать	We are moving to Alaska. Stupid decision.
garlic	чеснок	Pack some garlic against vampires.
Christmas	рождество	Merry Christmas, nearly everybody! (с)
trial	испытание, пробный	Trials on animals proved the drug to be useless.
nightmare	кошмар	Freddie came in nightmares.
plant	растение, сажать	Poison ivy is a very easily identified plant.
resolute	решительный, твёрдый	He showed resolute will and patience.
victim	жертва	It's a victim of a porcupine attack.
appeal	обращаться, взывать	She said she would appeal to the Supreme Court.
barely	едва, лишь только	The water barely comes out of the faucet.
issue	издать, выпустить, выпуск	Mario bought a new issue of a sports newspaper.
per	(кол-во) на (единицу)	MPH stands for 'miles per hour'.
alter	изменять	We had to alter the course to avoid it.
pound	фунт	Check it out, it's a one-pound Snickers Bar.
seat	место, сиденье	Why sleep on the floor when the seats are free?
candy	конфеты	Mom, buy me some candy pleaseee.
meanwhile	тем временем	Meanwhile, in Australia…
railway	железная дорога	I crossed the railway bridge on foot.
closet	стенной шкаф	My friend Theo has a full closet of games.
violate	нарушать	They repeatedly violated the border.
front	перед, передний	We play in the front yard, not on the street
take care	позаботиться, заняться	Thank you for taking care of the bonfire.
authorities	органы власти	The local authorities don't know what's going on.
matter	дело, вопрос	It was a matter of time to find someone.
thank	благодарить	He just thanked us for the service and went off.
get through	дозвониться	I can't get through to her. Her phone is off.
cup	чашка, кружка, кубок	Let's take a tea cup ride!
take off	снять	No, Jenny, don't take it off!
devote	посвятить, уделить	She gave up her job and devoted herself to art.
assume	принимать на себя	Elizabeth assumed the crown on June 2, 1953.
array	ряд, порядок, строй	He laid out an array of 80 tourmanium stones.
shelter	укрытие, убежище	He remembered seeing an old concrete shelter.
contrary	противоположный, вопреки	A lie usually is contrary to the truth.
diminish	уменьшаться	Farther west, the amount of snow diminished.
offer	предлагать, предложение	This is the offer you can't refuse.
set out	разъяснять	Let me set out my conditions in advance.
complain	жаловаться	Lili complained of stupid dreams.
favor (favour)	услуга	And now you come to ask me for a favor?
commitment	приверженность	His commitment to his mission was unshakeable.
intervene	вмешиваться	If we don't fix it, aliens will intervene.
error	ошибка	It gives out an error. What can we do?
hike	поход, ходить в поход	It was the most remarkable hike of that summer.
blink	мерцать, мигать	The city lights were blinking in the distance.
strip	полоса, лента	Cut or tear strips of fabric.
curl	скручивать, клубиться, завиток	Seashells usually curl clockwise.
concrete	бетон, бетонировать	She hated living in the concrete jungle.
fold	сворачивать, складывать	I'm gonna fold a little bird out of paper.
science	наука	All science is based upon experiment.
contest	соревнование, конкурс	I've won this contest three years in a row.
bond	связь, узы, соединение	This type of bond is called Ionic Bond.
retreat	отступать	The remnants of the French army retreated.
suspend	приостановить, подвесить	They stopped, suspended in the air.
fry	жарить	Pass me the most fried sausage.
domestic	домашний	The domestic pig is a subspecies of the boar.
ease	лёгкость, облегчать	With ease, he jumped to the next rock.
graduate	выпускник, выпускаться	Harry and his friends graduated from Hogwarts.
patch	заплатка, накладка, латать	How many patches are on your patched jeans?
tire (tyre)	шина	Put cable chains on the tires.
unless	если не	You'll never know unless you try.
shift	сменить, сдвинуть	Now shift the car into first gear.
hood	капот, кожух	I wanna look under the hood of the Tesla.
waste	тратить (впустую)	The whole project was a waste of money.
notice	заметить	In the distance, I noticed a strange object.
enormous	огромный	Godzilla is an enormous dinosaur-like reptile.
hook	крюк, зацеплять	This hook is for a big fish. Maybe tuna.
partisan	сторонник	Mbaga is a partisan of the opposite party.
angry	злой	Have you played angry birds recently?
measure	мера, мероприятие	Amputation is an extreme measure of treatment.
doubt	сомневаться, сомнение	I doubt you will be able to get through all of it
stiff	жёсткий, негнущийся	I've always ridden stiff snowboards.
preach	проповедовать	On Friday he preached in the mosque.
come off	выйти, получиться	We tried to call a spirit, but nothing came off.
rail	рельс, перила	She slid down the rail as she always did.
male	мужской	A stallion is a male horse.
female	женский	A mare is a female horse.
proof	доказательство (неисч.)	This is incontrovertible proof.
produce	производить	The Chinese produce a lot of stuff.
matter	иметь значение	Size does matter.
tag	этикетка, ярлык	Let's change the price tag.
subtle	тонкий, неуловимый	Her subtle smile can drive you crazy.
nurse	медсестра, нянька	Choi was a nurse in the local hospital.
wake (up)	просыпаться или будить	Wake me up when September ends. (c)
soil	почва	Fortunately, we found no lead in the soil.
quiet	тихий, спокойный, тишина	I need a quiet place where there is no you.
represent	представлять	We represent the law here.
dispute	спор, спорить	Fruitless disputes are to be avoided.
couch	диван	I spent the next day on the couch.
trade	торговля, торговый	The world Trade Center was built in the 1980s.
affair	дело, занятие	This is their affair and your affair, not mine .
term	срок, период	A US President is elected to a 4-year term.
give a ride	подвезти	Hey sir, would you give me a ride?
as well	также	This cleaning agent removes odor as well.
twist	скручивать	You can twist a wire with a drill.
handle	рукоятка	The handle is broken, I can't get in.
remain	оставаться	The door remained closed all day.
take place	происходить, бывать	Many things take place in Hong Kong.
upset	расстраивать, расстроенный	Your look upsets your grandma.
inspect	проверять, осматривать	I inspected the machine and found no problems.
authorize	дать полномочия, поручение	King Henry himself authorized him.
pigeon	голубь	Pigeons shit on monuments all over the world.
alert	тревога, бдительный	The Army was put on alert.
increase	увеличивать(ся), увеличение	First, everything was ok, the index increased.
decrease	уменьшать(ся), уменьшение	Unfortunately, now it's decreasing.
inquire	узнавать, интересоваться	Go up there and inquire about the flight.
false	ложный, неверный	Again, it was a false alarm.
either	либо	Either come in and help or go away.
echo	эхо, отголосок, отражаться	What you hear is the echo of the actual sound.
stack	стопка, куча, складывать	The wood was split and stacked over there.
label	метка, ярлык, метить	This label is familiar to everyone.
neither	ни один из двух	Neither of the t-shirts is mine.
sale	продажа, сбыт	This house is for sale. Like it?
bat	бита	I don't play baseball, l but I have a bat.
flat	плоский, ровный	What are they all doing on that flat rock?
limit	ограничивать, ограничение	There is a speed limit, but nobody cares.
head off	выйти, отправиться	Now I'm heading off to the West End.
rural	сельский	Rural life is boring and too monotonous.
compel	вынуждать, заставлять	Something compelled me to keep moving forward.
boost	повышать, усиливать	Carrots boost hair growth.
grin	ухмыляться, ухмылка, оскал	This grin doesn't bode well.
tremendous	громадный, страшный	It was buried beneath a tremendous avalanche.
pad	подушечка пальца, лапы	Take a feather and tickle his pads.
anticipate	ожидать	I anticipated something would happen to me.
pattern	шаблон, образец	Take a look at the repeating patterns on the wall.
set smb up with	устроить, организовать	Yes, I can set you up with this job.
oven	печь, духовка	I burned all your papers in the oven.
anxious	озабоченный, встревоженный	He is anxious about the oil.
shift	смена (на работе)	I usually work the night shift, and I like it.
meal	еда	I hate it when people post their meals.
in advance	заранее	Send me some money. Thank you in advance.
further	дальнейший, далее	Holt is one mile further on.
return	возвращаться	But after a month, she returned to her ex.
chop down	срубить (дерево)	Get a machete. Chop down a tree. Build a house.
chop up	порезать (на кусочки)	Get a knife. Chop up the vegetables. Make a salad.
prior	предварительный, предшествующий	This all happened two days prior to Christmas.
silk	шелк	The real silk goes for around $30/meter.
line	строка	I read these lines over and over again.
lap	колени	The cat was lazily lying on her lap.
bind (bound, bound)	связывать	Your leg is bound to the leg of your partner.
mean	неважный, посредственный	He was a mean, drunk son of a bitch.
reach	достичь	Fortunately, I reached the top unnoticed.
once	однажды, когда-либо	Once I was a puppy, now I am a wolf.
vice	порок, недостаток	Each sculpture represents one of the vices.
light (lit, lit)	зажигать	The fire was lit at sunset on Midsummer Eve.
occupy	занимать	Fort Manoel occupies almost the whole island.
according to	в соответствии	According to the map, it's around here somewhere.
out loud	вслух	I said it out loud? Sorry I didn't mean to.
alive	живой	Strange as it is, she was still alive.
startle	испугать (неожиданностью)	Her yell startled birds from a snowy tree.
get	становиться	Stretch. Warm-up! Get ready to run!
catch (caught, caught)	ловить	The dog was faster and caught him easily.
shame	стыд, позор	For shame! How could I even say that!?
challenge	вызов, необычная задача	Black bear hunting is a real challenge.
mixture	смесь	Thai green curry is a mixture of four components.
endure	выдерживать	The fort endured heavy bombardment until 2 June.
board	совет, коллегия	The school board couldn't decide what to do.
mate	товарищ, компаньон	It's composed by my band mate Eamon.
compound	состав, составной	The compound has a strong smell of ammonia.
bless	благословлять	Brahman Sonutarra blessed me.
might	мощь	Koreans like to display their military might.
variety	разнообразие, множество	Old Firat sells a variety of sweets.
sole	единственный	Surgeon Brydon was the sole survivor.
comprehensive	исчерпывающий, всесторонний	I have made a comprehensive calculation. Look.
heal	лечить, заживать	Preparing the healing tincture is not so difficult.
pipe	труба	I've been hiding in the pipe, they didn't find me.
cool	прохладный, свежий	The cool water energizes.
point	точка	This is the point we are talking about.
beg	просить	Stop begging. You will get nothing more.
spell	заклинание, чары	I'd put a spell on you if I could.
paper	бумага, документ	It takes a long time, it takes a lot of paperwork.
charm	обаяние, очаровывать	All her charms were artificial.
break out	вспыхнуть, разразиться	Protests broke out on Monday.
heat	тепло, нагревать	The desert wind brings dry heat.
particular	частный, конкретный	Buddha meditated under this particular tree.
score	счёт, очко, балл	The game ended in a draw with a score of 2:2.
combine	соединять(ся)	Hydrogen and oxygen combine to form water.
mill	мельница или фабрика	The Netherlands is famous for its windmills.
move over	подвинуться	Move over, boys! I'm kinda tired.
rock	камень, скала	Climbing this rock is prohibited.
fair	светлый	Lisa is a fair-haired beauty. But this is not Lisa.
fall for	вестись	MLM? Don't fall for that shit.
frank	откровенный	Frankly speaking, I don't trust economists.
rip	рвать	He rips the leaves apart. Then he eats them.
arrive	прибывать	Ivan arrived on a flying carpet.
amend	исправить, улучшить	Our constitution needs amending.
crush	раздавливать, дробить	Crush the parsley in a mortar into a paste.
accident	случайность	It happened by mere accident.
facility	сооружение, объект	Then they showed me some monstrous facility.
means	средство	The bike is the fastest means of transportation here.
focus	сосредоточить (ся)	Focus all your attention on this crystal.
knock	стучать	In the early morning, someone knocked on my door.
give up	отказаться, сдаться	Ok, you are right, I give up.
bend (bent, bent)	изгибать, изгиб	Below the village the river bends to the west.
clarify	прояснять	Don't laugh. Let me clarify my idea.
rescue	спасать, спасение	It was rescued from icy water in Lakewood.
tackle	принадлежности, снаряжение	One can never have too much fishing tackle.
retire	уходить в отставку, на пенсию	Bernard retired from the Navy with honors.
belly	живот	The belly dance is the oldest recorded dance.
get off	выходить (из транспорта)	I will not take you farther. Get off.
approach	приближаться, подходить	The train is approaching. Are you with me?
slap	шлёпать, пощечина	The slap was so strong that she lost her balance.
coat	покрывать	Then we coat it with a layer of paint.
raise	поднять, повысить	Nancy raised her hands and showed 'victory'.
uncle	дядя	My uncle taught me to fight.
fluid	жидкий, текучий	It's improbable that any perfect fluid exists.
issue	вопрос, проблема	I'm afraid I have issues with digestion.
educate	воспитывать, обучать	Educate yourself no matter how old you are.
past	мимо	I walked past them as quietly as I could.
benefit	польза, создавать пользу	I'll tell you how to benefit from volatility changes.
none	никакой, ни один	None of us knew where that stone was.
undergo	пройти через, подвергнуться	It's currently undergoing a massive reconstruction.
coat	покрывать	Then we coat it with a layer of paint.
raise	поднять, повысить	Nancy raised her hands and showed 'victory'.
uncle	дядя	My uncle taught me to fight.
fluid	жидкий, текучий	It's improbable that any perfect fluid exists.
issue	вопрос, проблема	I'm afraid I have issues with digestion.
educate	воспитывать, обучать	Educate yourself no matter how old you are.
past	мимо	I walked past them as quietly as I could.
benefit	польза, создавать пользу	I'll tell you how to benefit from volatility changes.
none	никакой, ни один	None of us knew where that stone was.
undergo	пройти через, подвергнуться	It's currently undergoing a massive reconstruction.
work out	тренироваться	I adore working out on the seashore.
fashion	мода	Miami Fashion Week starts today!
cabin	хижина	He lives in his cabin in Alaska.
instant	мгновенние, мгновенный	This sleeping pill has an instant effect.
yet	пока ещё (отриц.)	The mobile phone wasn't invented yet back then.
investigate	расследовать	It was me, who investigated the murder of Lee.
state	государство	US foreign ministry is called the State Department.
coach	тренер	Our coach always finds the right words.
gun	огнестрельное оружие	Who would not like to have a gun like this one?
due to	из-за, в связи	He looks big, but that is due to his fur.
wrap	заворачивать	Wrap it back in the cloth and put it back.
barrel	бочка	Each barrel is about 80 liters.
get rid of	избавиться от	Do this exercise to get rid of your double chin.
scheme	схема	The scheme is plain and unambiguous.
image	изображение, образ	After all, God created us in His own image.
welfare	пособие, мат. помощь	Millions of Americans live on welfare.
incorporate	вобрать, соединить	It should incorporate all the best elements.
current	текущий, актуальный	My current boyfriend doesn't realize it.
spin	крутить	Sit back, chill out and spin a vinyl record.
controversy	спор, разногласие, дискуссия	The controversy flared up again.
trial	судебный процесс	The Nuremberg trials started on October 1st in 1946.
terms	условия, соглашение	Read the terms carefully before signing.
turn away	не пустить	The door supervisors turned us away.
stake	ставка, делать ставку	He was ready to put anything at stake.
work out	получиться, сработать	Yes! My plan worked out!
wander	бродить, блуждать	Not all those who wander are lost. (с)
hit (hit, hit)	ударить, удар	Come on, hit me! You can't hurt me.
defence (defense)	защита, защитный	The wall provided defense from the Picts.
drive out	выгнать	My dog has driven all the cats out of the garden.
blow (blew blown)	дуть	Have you ever blown a dandelion's seeds?
couple	пара	Everyone said they made a great couple.
explore	изучать	I liked exploring brooks, swamps and ravines.
put on	надеть	I put this hat on to protect my brain from radiation.
prefer	предпочитать	For dinner, I prefer older wines.
rough	грубый, неровный, жёсткий	The road to the goal was rough and long.
discourse	речь, рассуждение	Hundreds came to listen to his discourse.
current	ток, поток, течение	The river's current seemed stronger than before.
broad	широкий	The broad highway led us directly into Sodankylä.
warrior	воин	'Who are you?', the warrior asked.
scale	чешуя, шелуха	Dragons have strong scales.
count	считаться, иметь значение	It doesn't count if you were both drunk.
ensure	обеспечить, гарантировать	This system ensures reliable ventilation.
across	за, через	The village was right across the lake.
state	состояние	Oh, what a terrible state it is in!
read out	огласить, зачитать вслух	Then the judge read out the death sentence.
extend	расширять, удлиннять	The road was supposed to be extended to Gilroy.
button	пуговица, застёгивать	Ok, ok, just let me button my pants.
slight	лёгкий, слабый, незначительный	The rose is white, with a slight hue of pink.
disaster	бедствие	This is a total disaster!
absorb	впитывать, поглощать	It's a very simple absorbing experiment.
pull back	отступить, отвести войска	The mission failed. The troops are pulling back.
engage in	заниматься, вступать, вовлекать	Arabs engaged in trade and were wealthy people.
movie	кино	It's the most frightening moment in the movie.
blanket	одеяло, покрывало	This blanket is mine, she took it without asking.
breast	грудь	A breast examination showed no abnormalities.
eager	сильно желающий	All the dogs were eager to win the race.
trace	след, отслеживать	Hawks nodded, still looking at the foamy trace.
shade	тень	A traveler will find water and shade in the oasis.
perception	восприятие	Your perception of yourself is inadequate.
grow (grew, grown)	становиться	Daily you will grow stronger and healthier.
shed (shed, shed)	проливать, терять, сбрасывать	The first blood was shed on 29 May.
retail	розничная продажа	Have you ever worked in retail?
hesitate	колебаться, медлить	I hesitated if I should publish this or not.
double	удваивать, двойной	Take one sheet of pink paper, double it.
privacy	частная жизнь, конфиденциальность	Privacy is a fundamental right.
fear	страх, бояться	Common claustrophobia	a fear of enclosed spaces.
real estate	недвижимость	Do you know anyone who deals in real estate?
kind	добрый	He's very kind but not very clever.
transfer	перевести, перевод	We transfer money from Uganda to anywhere.
aside	в стороне, в сторону	He promptly stepped aside, avoiding the attack.
revenue	доход, выручка	The country's oil-related revenue fell by 40%.
radiate	излучать	Plutonium radiates alpha particles.
sudden	внезапный	A sudden flash of light hit my eyes.
late	поздний	It happened in the late autumn of 1972.
crucial	решающий, критический	His regiment played a crucial role in the battle.
strike (struck, struck)	бить, удар	What a brilliant strike, an amazing goal!
emphasis	акцент, внимание, ударение	Let's switch the emphasis to Gauteng.
nerve	смелость	I wouldn't have the nerve to try again.
reserved	скрытный, замкнутый	She is reserved with people whom she doesn't know.
set	набор, комплект	The next lot is a set of chairs from a palace.
profit	польза, извлекать пользу	Defense industry profits from wars.
record	запись	We keep a record of everyone who comes.
accept	принять	It is a great honor for me to accept this award.
in charge	во главе	George Washington was in charge of the army.
hence	отсюда (следует, происходит)	Hence the expression, 'as greedy as a pig'. (с)
depend	зависеть	Its economy still depends on oil supplies.
subject	предмет, тема	The subject of our research is a fossil lizard.
hardly	едва	The troop hardly had time to evacuate.
intend	намереваться	She is intending to snatch my breakfast.
urge	побуждать, гнать и т.д.	He urged the dog to attack a ginger cat.
pride	гордость	This monument is our pride and memory.
area	область, участок	Lake Sonoma is a vast recreation area.
bean	боб	Mr. Kebu grows cocoa beans.
knock down	снести, сбить	The Berlin wall was knocked down on November 9.
pull through	выжить, выкарабкаться	She feels better. I think she'll pull through.
shoe	туфля, ботинок (низкий)	My shoes are the best.
blind	слепой	Most people think that moles are blind.
drive (drove, driven)	водить машину	Learn to drive, motherfucker!
besides	кроме	He reads nothing besides the Bible.
find out	выяснить	I'm trying to find out what she died of.
blast	взрыв, взрывать	We just heard five blasts behind us.
overcome	преодолеть, побороть	Some obstacles are not easy to overcome.
trail	след, тропа	The trail led us to the wrong location.
give off	издавать, испускать	These flowers give off a very sweet aroma.
spend (spent, spent)	тратить, проводить (время)	I spent 2 weeks fishing and hunting at Lake Wako.
overwhelm	завалить, подавить	I'm overwhelmed with work at the moment.
household	домашний, домохозяйство	She was a household slave.
appreciate	ценить	Appreciate life and don't be a selfish pig. (с)
sand	песок	But sand sculptures don't last forever.
bounce	отскакивать, прыгать	Get a trampoline and bounce on it.
blast	взрыв, взрывать	We just heard five blasts behind us.
overcome	преодолеть, побороть	Some obstacles are not easy to overcome.
trail	след, тропа	The trail led us to the wrong location.
give off	издавать, испускать	These flowers give off a very sweet aroma.
spend (spent, spent)	тратить, проводить (время)	I spent 2 weeks fishing and hunting at Lake Wako.
overwhelm	завалить, подавить	I'm overwhelmed with work at the moment.
household	домашний, домохозяйство	She was a household slave.
appreciate	ценить	Appreciate life and don't be a selfish pig. (с)
sand	песок	But sand sculptures don't last forever.
bounce	отскакивать, прыгать	Get a trampoline and bounce on it.
pace	шаг, шагать	I quickened my pace to catch up to them.
relieve	облегчить, освободить	A mild massage should relieve the headache.
twin	близнец	These twins irritate him.
allow for	выделять, рассчитывать	I always allow time for sleep.
shut (shut, shut)	закрыть	The door is shut, go back.
relevant	уместный, актуальный	Though written long ago, it is still relevant.
conviction	убеждение, убеждённость	Karoline spoke with ardor and conviction.
put smb down	подавлять, угнетать	His classmates put him down for that.
scare	пугать	At first she scared me to death.
stain	пятно, окрашиваться, пачкать	His reputation is stained by his adulterous intercourse.
helicopter	вертолёт	The doctor arrived by helicopter.
efficient	оптимальный, эффективный	The most efficient route through the lower 48:
pole	полюс	The North Pole was 30 miles away.
gap	разрыв, пробел	I'm not sure he can jump over the gap.
enter	войти	Jackson entered the room through the window.
respective	соответственный	The runners took their respective positions.
cross	пересекать, пересечение, крест	Elephants cross the river here.
vehicle	транспортное средство	They had amazing vehicles.
response	ответ, отклик	Her response was 'I don't know'.
for sure	наверняка, точно	I thought so, now I know for sure.
bare	голый	For summer parties bare back dresses are ideal.
trigger	спусковой крючок	Don't pull the trigger accidentally. It's loaded.
so far	до сих пор	This is our highest point so far.
mount	монтировать, устанавливать	The roof is mounted on steel trusses.
pursue	преследовать, гнаться	The Headless Horseman pursued after Fergus.
spring (sprang, sprung)	прыгать	Some kangaroos can spring 20 feet in one jump.
lend (lent, lent)	давать в долг	He is a turd. Never lend him any money.
rush	торопиться, мчаться, броситься	Suddenly he rushed upstairs.
concern	забота, тревожить	A new house comes with new concerns.
spine	позвоночник	The human spine consists of 33 vertebrae.
joy	радость	My sadness receded, joy returned to my heart.
sacrifice	жертва	The sacrifice of 53 young women didn't help.
depress	угнетать, подавлять	Your stories always depress me.
disturb	тревожить	It is illegal and dangerous to disturb a bear.
suffer	страдать	I ate some shit and suffer from diarrhea.
run over	переехать машиной	He hurried too much and got run over by a truck.
passage	проход, коридор	There is only one passage to the lake.
convict	осуждённый, осуждать	Convict labour is cheap but unskilled.
ruin	разрушать, губить	This monster ruined a lot of lives.
reverse	обратный, обратить	The Queen is on the reverse side of the coin.
add up	сходиться (об информации)	Your story doesn't add up.
acquire	обретать	As a scout, I acquired many various skills.
conceive	помыслить, представить	I can hardly conceive such a state of things.
superior	высший, превосходящий	Human intelligence is superior to that of apes.
inferior	низший	Hen's intelligence is inferior to that of goats.
coast	побережье	The highway goes along the Pacific coast.
beam	балка, перекладина	One of the beams is badly fixed.
set smb up with	познакомить, свести	It was she who set me up with Jim.
lift	поднимать	This guy lifted a stone of 200 pounds weight.
rigid	жесткий	Rod put a rigid plastic bag on the table.
chairman	председатель	The Chairman was angry.
argue	спорить, доказывать	Those two were still arguing like mad.
remark	замечать, замечание	Just a remark, if you don't mind.
demand	требовать	Our instructor demands the impossible from us.
wound	рана, ранить	The wounded leg hurt but not as much as before.
launch	начать, запустить, запуск	The next launch was almost perfect.
anniversary	годовщина	A giant anniversary cake was wheeled out.
deliver	доставлять	I have to deliver something very important.
senior	старший	Television is popular among senior citizens.
curtain	занавеска, занавес	He shone through a gap between the curtains.
do about	сделать (с чем-то)	I like burgers, and I can do nothing about that.
nevertheless	тем не менее	Nevertheless, it grows there.
space	космос	In space, no one can hear you scream.
discuss	обсуждать	Now let's discuss what to do next.
get away with	безнаказанно сделать	I always get away with stealing from stores.
be up to	замышлять что-то	The children are definitely up to something.
weigh	весить	The cat weighs almost 14 pounds.
fit (fit, fit)	подходить, помещаться	My mother's ring fits me perfectly.
weight	вес	This guy really had lost 100 pounds of weight.
interact	взаимодействовать	This is how Cola interacts with Mentos.
dependent	зависимый	We all are dependent on our daily habits.
act	действовать	Study the situation and act accordingly.
wonder	удивление, удивляться	It's a real wonder, a staggering mystery.
pale	бледный	She went pale when she saw me.
coincide	совпасть	It happens when Sun and Moon coincide.
make out	разобрать, понять	The doctor's handwriting is not easy to make out.
oppose	противостоять	We, anarchists, oppose capitalism.
put aside	отложить	Put some money aside in case you get robbed.
turn over	перевернуть	Turn the steak over after 3 minutes or so.
troop	отряд	Our troop got back Sunday evening.
dependent	зависимый	We all are dependent on our daily habits.
act	действовать	Study the situation and act accordingly.
wonder	удивление, удивляться	It's a real wonder, a staggering mystery.
pale	бледный	She went pale when she saw me.
coincide	совпасть	It happens when Sun and Moon coincide.
make out	разобрать, понять	The doctor's handwriting is not easy to make out.
oppose	противостоять	We, anarchists, oppose capitalism.
put aside	отложить	Put some money aside in case you get robbed.
turn over	перевернуть	Turn the steak over after 3 minutes or so.
troop	отряд	Our troop got back Sunday evening.
like	как	Life is like a box of chocolates.
beat (beat, beaten)	победить	Surprisingly O'Neil beat Slater.
breed	порода, поколение и т д.	A new breed of wolves appeared around here.
large	большой, широкий	The shoes were a bit large.
nod	кивать, склонять	He nodded and said, 'It had to happen'.
inherit	унаследовать, перенять	He inherited his father's fortunes and business.
insert	вставить	I insert a new tube and then repair it at home.
frequent	частый	The drops of rain became more frequent.
affair	роман, любовная история	I had an affair with her, but it's over.
horrify	ужасать	This clown horrified young children.
spirit	дух	Breathe in this air. Feel the spirit of Scotland.
plate	плита, пластина	Bear-shaped license plates were abandoned.
accuse	обвинять	You will be accused of everything, you'll see.
rally	собраться, созвать (напр. армию)	Hundreds rallied to defend the monument.
teenage	возраста 13-19	Teenage fashion is quite specific.
abort	прерывать	The school day was aborted due to a gas leak.
ballot	госолование, бюллетень	Since 1988, ballot boxes must be transparent.
peaceful	мирный	Show them you're here with peaceful intent.
placement	размещение	Product placement on the shelves affects sales.
strict	строгий, точный	The school rules are strict and very clear.
possible	возможный	I'm not sure if it's possible to get inside.
knowledge	знания	Knowledge is power, even if we don't use it.
communicate	общаться	Dolphins communicate in a number of ways.
trim	подстригать, обрезать, ровнять	We trim the bushes as needed.
talk over	обговорить	Alright, let's talk it over right now.
insure	страховать, гарантировать	Insure your car against stealing.
reserve	запас, запасной, запасать	It's the largest world reserve of fresh water.
infect	заражать	Go home and don't infect us.
bias	склонность, предвзятость	I have a bias against people like you.
publish	публиковать, издавать	The Great Gatsby was first published in 1925.
vote	голосовать	Personally, I voted for Brexit with a sense of optimism.
reply	ответ, отвечать	I was texting a reply to an important SMS.
coal	уголь	I don't know how much a bucket of coal weighs.
tube	тюбик	Oh, this tube is yours, sorry.
excite	волновать, возбуждать	As you can tell, I was happy and excited.
warrant	гарантировать, ручаться	The manufacturer warrants the goods against defects.
airline	авиалиния	Korean Airlines is the most dangerous airline.
train	поезд	This kind of train is called a skytrain.
novel	роман	It is the best-selling English novel ever.
make up for	компенсировать, наверстать	Hurry up. We have to make up for the lost time.
acknowledge	признавать, подтверждать	Harold acknowledged the authority of William.
soccer	футбол	Americans call football 'soccer'.
solid	твёрдый, крепкий	Sometimes it's referred to as 'solid smoke'.
species	вид (биол.)	Noah had 12000 species of animals on his Ark.
so-called	так называемый	I don't believe in these so-called rankings.
stupid	глупый	I just can't stand this stupid face.
charity	благотворительность	I don't spend much on charity.
broadcast	транслировать, трансляция	As a result, the broadcast was aborted.
trick	трюк, фокус, уловка	Remember the main thing in card tricks.
earn	зарабатывать	We worked since childhood to earn a living.
destination	место назначения	Have you seen 'Final Destination'?
unite	объединять	Genghis Khan united the Mongol tribes in 1206.
term	термин	The term 'mentor' comes from Greek mythology.
fashion	стиль, образ, манер	In this fashion, we continue the bombardment.
give away	раздавать, дарить	On holidays they give away food for the homeless.
afraid	напуганный	She looked afraid and distressed.
miracle	чудо	In my life, I've seen many miracles.
jail	тюрьма	The district jail was overcrowded.
take up	заняться чем-либо	Take up yoga or at least golf.
pan	сковорода	A cast iron pan is a good weapon.
spokesman	представитель, прес-секретарь	The Kremlin spokesman's comment was brief.
grow (grew, grown)	расти или выращивать	They grow mostly on floodplains.
dimension	измерение, размер	This is a puzzle of four dimensions.
verb	глагол	All foreign students HATE phrasal verbs.
prosecute	вести, осуществлять	The Carthaginians prosecuted the war vigorously.
never	так и не	He promised to call me, but he never did.
shine (shone, shined)	сиять, блестеть, светить	The city is shining like it never has before.
kid	шутить, разыгрывать	What? Are you kidding me?
late	покойный	His late grandma smoked a lot.
initial	первоначальный	Tilbery was the initial point of our route.
rather	скорее, предпочтительнее	No, thanks, I'd rather not go.
compose	составлять, сочинять	Listen to what I just composed.
spark	искра, вспыхивать	This compound gives more sparks.
deal with	иметь дело с	Never deal with Gypsies.
log	бревно	Yes, it's this very log. I recognize it.
insight	понимание, догадка	At that moment, a sudden insight struck me.
water down	разбавить, ослабить	I think they water down the beer.
secular	светский	The United States is a secular state.
fight off	отбить	They are not able to fight off the attack.
throat	горло	My throat still aches. No singing today.
tissue	ткань	Bone tissue is significantly harder than cartilage.
prepare	приготовить	I had just an hour to prepare for the journey.
elder	старший	His name is Nyaa, he is my elder brother.
flood	потоп, наводнение, наводнять	Floods happen regularly around here.
feel like	хотеть	I just felt like dancing and dancing till I drop.
buck	самец, обычно рогатых	I think this buck is not dangerous.
promote	поощрять, помогать	After that, I was promoted to second lieutenant.
stamp	печать, штамп, марка	They just forgot to put a stamp on the paper.
wet	мокрый, мочить	It is true that most cats don't like to be wet.
transition	переход	The transition from fish to amphibian was completed.
alien	чужак, пришелец, иммигрант	Aliens should be eliminated.
aircraft	самолёт, авиация	They are testing their new supersonic aircraft.
contribute	способствовать, вносить вклад	All the allies contributed to the victory.
grasp	схватывать	The robot can speak and grasp things.
deny	отрицать	You still deny that you knew her?
at last	наконец	At last, we came to the sea.
however	однако	However, good evening.
upper	верхний	Bring it here. It's on the upper shelf.
lower	нижний	And a vial from the lower shelf over there.
mode	режим, способ, вид	The camera was in the wrong mode.
tight	тугой, тесный	They are bit too tight, but look better.
ceiling	потолок, перекрытие	Do you see the fly on the ceiling?
grade	класс, уровень	The eighth grade was the worst year of my life.
participate	участвовать	Last year I participated in the Boston marathon.
roast	жарить	Coffee beans are roasted before grinding.
step	шаг, ступать, ступенька	Just take the first step.
yield	уступать	It happened over here under the yield sign.
connect	соединять	The Panama Canal connects two oceans.
slam	хлопать, ударять, захлопывать	The doors slammed before my nose.
pay off	расплатиться (с долгом)	This week we paid off our mortgage.
complicate	усложнять	Don't complicate what is not required.
though (even though)	хотя	Even though it was scary, it was a lot of fun!
luxury	роскошь	He lived in luxury and vice.
endorse	одобрять, поддерживать	No self-respecting country can endorse it.
arrest	задерживать, тормозить	A dead calm arrested our progress.
nominate	выдвигать, номинировать	3 candidates were nominated.
kind	тип, вид	Racuchy is a kind of pancake.
ounce	унция	On one occasion, he stole three ounces of gold.
origin	происхождение, начало	Darwin published The Origin of Species in 1859.
grave	серьёзный	The gravest danger comes from hippos.
south	юг, южный	I'm in South America. Still can't believe it.
forth	дальше, вперёд	Lisa paced back and forth along the log.
spell out	разъяснить	Let me spell this out once more.
sight	вид, поле зрения	They soon got out of my sight by going down.
alone	в одиночестве	In this city you can walk alone and feel safe.
catch on	становиться популярным	Hats are catching on like never before.
pain	боль	Life is pain. Life is suffering. Accept it.
disappoint	разочаровывать	No need to say I was disappointed.
funeral	похороны, похоронный	Will you attend my funeral?
suit	костюм, комплект	Yes, a guy in a diving suit came over last night.
busy	занятый	I'm busy. Don't call me today or tomorrow or ever.
quote	цитировать	Let me quote sir Winston Churchill.
mayor	мэр	Call Mayor Brian Smith, 705-429-3844.
sympathy	сочуствие	I wanted neither forgiveness nor sympathy.
hill	холм	Rwanda is called the land of 1000 hills.
take on	соревноваться, столкнуться	That day Chelsea took on Everton.
realize	понимать	Imagine my shock when I realized what I had done.
mystery	тайна	The mystery of the old house remained unsolved.
desk	письменный стол	It is strange to see a desk without a computer.
recover	восстановиться, выздороветь	She recovered a bit and ran away.
blend	смешивать	Blend white and brown to get the needed color.
drift	дрейфовать или дрифтовать	It's OK, we are drifting eastward.
mountain	гора, горный	My mountain bike is better than yours.
yield	приносить (доход)	This plantation yields 300 tons of cotton a year.
stop over	заехать, остановиться	Let's stop over at that bridge to take a photo.
suppose	полагать	I suppose it's exactly what we should do.
fate	судьба, участь	Fortuna is a goddess of fate and chance.
stand	терпеть, выносить	I can't stand her singing.
drag	тащить, волочить	He dragged me for fifty yards.
invite	приглашать	I hate being invited to weddings.
confer	дать, принести, присудить	In 2012 I was conferred an honorary degree.
crowd	толпа	The crowd was eager to see Narendra Modi.
tell off	ругать	During the break, the coach told me off severely.
flee (fled, fled)	спасаться бегством	Jack was fleeing like mad.
rally	оживать, приходить в себя	She rallied a bit and was visited by the president.
get ahead	преуспевать, продвигаться	It's an easy way to get ahead financially.
bench	скамейка	Wait for me on this bench till I join you.
insist	настаивать	Mugabe insisted that he was not such a dictator.
aside from	кроме	Aside from hats, they sell drugs.
shoot (shot, shot)	стрелять	Marty learned to shoot in 7-Eleven.
update	обновлять, обновление	Due to this, we had to update the speed signs.
chart	схема, график, таблица	What can you conclude from this chart?
handle	управляться, обращаться	Can you handle the curvimeter?
extent	степень, мера	To a large extent, it depends on what the task is.
harm	вред, вредить	Well, and what harm is there in that?
objective	цель	Our objective is to have a good time in Greece.
kick around	обсудить (разг.)	I think it's a good idea. Let's kick it around.
moreover	более того	Moreover, they turned out to be fake.
even	ровный	The road was even, and I could go around 50 mph.
fine	штраф	I received 7 speeding fines from cameras.
perceive	воспринимать, ощущать	Dogs perceive something that humans can't.
tentative	пробный, экспериментальный	I'm like a child taking my first tentative steps.
pass away	умереть	My granddad passed away in January.
total	полный, всеобщий	It was a total mobilization for a total war.
stream	поток, ручей	It starts as a mountain stream in the Highlands.
incredible	невероятный	I can not believe what I see. Incredible!
sin	грех, грешить	Don't tell the pope, but even nuns sin.
gaze	пристально глядеть	Stop gazing through the window. Listen to me.
prohibit	запрещать	Defecating is prohibited for dogs here.
perk up	воспрянуть, оживиться	The flowers perked up after the rain.
arrange	организовать, уладить и т.д.	We arranged a brilliant scheme.
subtitle	субтитры или подзаголовок	Do you watch movies with subtitles?
sense	чувство, осознание	You have five senses. I have six.
plenty	множество, масса, достаток	We have plenty of pumpkins for Halloween.
train	тренировать	I'm Henry, I train dogs.
porch	крыльцо, терраса, веранда	They were sitting on the porch with champagne.
venture	авантюра, предприятие, решиться	I didn't venture to go with them.
importance	важность	It's a text of great importance.
employ	использовать	Most appliances employ alternating currents.
margin	край, граница	Can you make out the notes on the margin?
stun	ошеломить, оглушить	When he won, I was stunned.
still	спокойный, неподвижный	So the sun stood still, and the moon stopped.
tax	налог	What if I didn't pay taxes last year?
take apart	разбирать	We can take a bicycle apart in no time.
impact	воздействие, удар	The blast impact threw them on the ground.
mount	подниматься, забираться	I mount a horse with ease and dexterity.
on the contrary	наоборот	On the contrary, I like rain very much.
probe	исследовать, проверить	Probe the snow depth every meter along the line.
deliver	рожать	Hana safely delivered their sixth child.
supreme	высший, верховный	It was called the Cult of the Supreme Being.
stun	ошеломить, оглушить	When he won, I was stunned.
still	спокойный, неподвижный	So the sun stood still, and the moon stopped.
tax	налог	What if I didn't pay taxes last year?
take apart	разбирать	We can take a bicycle apart in no time.
impact	воздействие, удар	The blast impact threw them on the ground.
mount	подниматься, забираться	I mount a horse with ease and dexterity.
on the contrary	наоборот	On the contrary, I like rain very much.
probe	исследовать, проверить	Probe the snow depth every meter along the line.
deliver	рожать	Hana safely delivered their sixth child.
supreme	высший, верховный	It was called the Cult of the Supreme Being.
attempt	попытка, пытаться	The first attempt to launch a rocket failed.
examine	осмотреть, изучить	He examined my tongue and said 'hm'.
necessary	необходимый	A compass is necessary for sea voyages.
accustom	приучить	Accustom your cat to use a human toilet.
foundation	фундамент	The major stone foundations still remain.
halt	останавливаться	She halted and looked down at the ground.
bell	колокол, колокольчик	Ring the bells, wake the town.
fall asleep	уснуть	I lay down and fell asleep despite the loud music.
advance	продвигаться, продвижение	That day they advanced 5 miles more.
fiction	вымысел, худ.литература	It's because you don't read science fiction.
submit to	подчиниться	Submit to God's will, my little one.
by the way	кстати	By the way, he asked me about you.
distribute	распределять	The population is distributed unequally.
celebrity	знаменитость	I love taking photos with celebrities.
goods	товары	These boats are used for the transportation of goods.
break	перерыв, перемена	Life's hard. Take a break, eat a cake.
burden	бремя, нагружать	We don't carry the White Man's Burden anymore.
accomplish	выполнить, завершить	The task is accomplished, my lord.
turn on	включить	If you smell gas, don't turn on or off any switches.
turn off	выключить	When we hear him coming, we turn off the light.
serve	служить	3 % of all living Americans have served in the army.
janitor	дворник, уборщик	I started off as a janitor.
supplement	дополнение, дополнять	I tried all the weight loss supplements.
confident	уверенный	You have to be confident in what you do.
bake	печь (выпекать)	Baking bread is not what I do best.
capacity	ёмкость, вместимость	The capacity of its trunk is remarkable.
trip	поездка	I'll tell you about our trip to Vegas.
abandon	оставить, забросить	Millions of people abandoned their countries.
ban	запрещать	Governments try to ban websites.
exceed	превышать	The depth exceeds my height.
mutual	взаимный	These two has a mutual dislike for one another.
sneakers	кеды, кроссовки	There are handmade sneakers, designer jeans.
whisper	шептать	Don't come anymore, she whispered.
restore	восстанавливать	They tried to restore it to its original state.
brake	тормоз	Don't confuse gas and brake pedals.
tackle	взяться за что-л.	My husband tackled the plumbing himself.
rare	редкий	It was a lovely rare caterpillar.
account	счёт (в банке)	I have accounts in six banks and some cash.
dense	густой	The forest got denser and the trees bigger.
within	в течение	I can cook it within 15 minutes or less.
size up	изучить, оценить	Ken is sizing you up carefully.
makeup	макияж	Your makeup shouldn't be overdone.
manual	ручной	No, manual labor is not for me.
charge	заряжать, нагружать	This guy can charge your cell phone for a dollar.
assure	уверять	I assure you he is not worth your regard.
enforce	внедрить, навязать	They try to enforce a new fishing law.
carry	носить	Carry loads on your head to keep your hands free.
bullet	пуля	We will use rubber bullets against you.
mention	упоминать	It's important, we should mention it.
shy	застенчивый	It's hard to believe, but she was a shy child.
take over	принять обязанности	Today I'm taking over as president of the US.
lean over	наклониться над, через	The guy leaning over a table is Luís, later Luís I.
resort	курорт	Ocean City is a small resort town.
landscape	пейзаж	How do you like my landscape?
opportunity	возможность	Think about the opportunities you have lost.
commission	поручение, полномочие	His next commission was even worse.
smart	умный, хитрый	Ravens are as smart as chimps.
van	фургон	Heather came up with the idea of a food van.
strength	сила, мощность, прочность	But Bob's strength is not his greatest asset.
certain	определённый, уверенный	You'll need certain herbs, spices and vegetables.
whether	ли	You never know whether or not he is joking.
agriculture	сельское хозяйство	Why don't you try yourself in agriculture?
gather	собирать (ся)	All the village gathered to listen to them.
round	круг, круглый	Actually, Earth is not round.
read up on	изучить вопрос	Read up on that island before going there.
prosecute	преследовать (законодательно)	I think prostitutes should not be prosecuted.
give away	выдать (раскрыть)	You must be Russian. Your accent gives you away.
continue	продолжить	We continued rowing till sundown.
line up	встать в очередь	Line up and wait for your turn.
mistake for	принимать за	I mistook this man for Hitler at first.
suppress	подавлять, удерживать	Ryan could hardly suppress the laughter.
charge	обвинять	Nick was arrested and charged with murder.
grant	давать, дарить	Oh god...grant me some wisdom.
swear	клясться	Repeat after me: I swear by Almighty God…
profound	глубокий (перен.)	Our knowledge of the ocean is not profoud.
fall in love with	влюбиться	I fell in love with her that very moment.
all along	всё время	Rebecca carried her camera around all along.
reproduce	воспроизводить	The experiment reproduced real prison conditions.
article	статья	Read this article about Bowne & Co. Stationers.
therefore	следовательно	I think, therefore, I am. (с)
after all	всё-таки, в конце концов	It was a great day, after all.
direct	прямой (обычн. перен.знач.)	It's the shortest direct flight to New York.
background	происхождение, предыстория и т.д.	This problem has a long background.
chief	вождь, начальник, главный	Sitting Bull was the most influential Sioux chief.
disabled	инвалид (прил.)	I have no arms and legs, but I don't feel disabled.
shower	душ	I always sing when I take a shower.
display	показ(ывать), демонстрировать	Everyone can display his talents here.
extreme	крайний	Cape Froward is the extreme point of S. America.
spell	произносить (писать) по буквам	Aaheluehz spells like A, A, H, E, L, U, E, H, Z.
oath	клятва, присяга	He took an oath and joined Filiki Etairia.
protect	защищать	Be sure to protect your skin with sunscreen.
store	хранить, хранилище	Red wine is stored in oak vats for 6-8 months.
contemporary	современный, современник	Contemporary Hong Kong is different from China.
personnel	персонал, личный состав	Trained personnel is the most important asset.
citizen	гражданин	This terrorist was an Emirates citizen.
grab	схватить, нахапать и т.д.	Grab as much as you can, any way you can.
run out of	исчерпать запас	On the halfway, we ran out of gas.
cave	пещера, полость	It was my third cave tour of the year.
random	выбранный наугад	This is a random picture from the internet.
marry	жениться, выйти замуж	I wonder how she could marry a man like him.
puzzle	озадачить	The girl looked puzzled. So did her cat.
remains	остатки, останки	Here are the remains of that tower.
belong to	принадлежать	These tracks belong to a squirrel.
obstacle	препятствие	This obstacle will not stop us, will it?
swan	лебедь	Black swans exist but are rare.
lean	худой	Bob was tall, lean and awkward.
early	рано, ранний	Early morning, it's time to go home.
object	возражать	Before I could object, she threw her cup at me.
memory	память	Memory is not a closet, memory is a process.
float	плыть	I watched a leaf floating down a stream.
crime	преступление	The crime scene was cordoned off and examined.
feel for	сочувствовать	Liza feels for homeless cats and brings them home.
anyway	в любом случае	This is not what I asked for, but thank you anyway.
bitter	горький	Its berries are bitter but beneficial.
perfect	совершенный	The ice is perfect for skating, isn't it?
drain	слив, водосток	The storm drain system flows directly to the river.
major	главный, большой	Vesak is the major Buddhist festival of the year.
shell	скорлупа, раковина, гильза	Here, take this sea shell as a remembrance.
guideline	общее правило, принцип	Rick made up four guidelines to live by.
asleep	спящий	Stella pretended to be asleep.
sigh	вздох	'Ah,' sighed Miri, 'if I had only known'.
different	разный, отличающийся	Male and female Redstarts look different.
crack	трескаться, трещина	If the ice is cracked, don't fish on it!
instead	вместо	We allow visitors to ride cows instead of horses.
delicate	тонкий, нежный, хрупкий	Grasshoppers are delicate creatures.
boom	заграждение, пояс	They set up booms to stop any further pollution.
band	ансамбль	They are the best selling band in history.
chip	щепка, стружка	Put some chips into the fireplace.
stay	оставаться	So they went away, and I stayed alone.
dismiss	прогонять, посылать, увольнять	Before the battle Decius dismissed his lictors.
domain	область, сфера, владение	This forest is my domain.
agree	соглашаться	The men agreed with him, the women didn't.
although	хотя и	Although it was raining, we went surfing.
soon	скоро или рано	Bob Marley died too soon. I miss him.
slide (slid, slid)	скользить	I slid down five or six times.
endanger	подвергать опасности	This tree endangers our workers.
possess	обладать	Humans possess canines so they are carnivores.
truck	грузовик	This truck must carry something special.
similar	похожий	Huskies are similar to wolves in this regard.
piece	предмет, часть, кусок	In the US this piece of furniture is called a hutch.
domain	область, сфера, владение	This forest is my domain.
agree	соглашаться	The men agreed with him, the women didn't.
although	хотя и	Although it was raining, we went surfing.
soon	скоро или рано	Bob Marley died too soon. I miss him.
slide (slid, slid)	скользить	I slid down five or six times.
endanger	подвергать опасности	This tree endangers our workers.
possess	обладать	Humans possess canines so they are carnivores.
truck	грузовик	This truck must carry something special.
similar	похожий	Huskies are similar to wolves in this regard.
piece	предмет, часть, кусок	In the US this piece of furniture is called a hutch.
military	военный	Do you like military parades? I don't.
liberty	свобода	The Statue of Liberty stands on the Liberty Island.
proud	гордый, гордящийся	He is just proud of being a lion.
recall	вспоминать	I often recall those summer days and nights.
steal (stole, stolen)	красть	A fox cub stole the bird feeder.
fade	увядать, блекнуть	Every flower will fade and lose its fragrance.
pump	насос, нагнетать	The pump's jammed.
put in	вложить	I put in 770 dollars to build this submarine.
dive	нырять	It's the best diving cliff around here.
lung	легкое	Are your lungs okay? How is your breathing?
tip	кончик, верхушка	You see the tip of the iceberg, about 20 % of it.
integrity	честность, порядочность	All depends on the policeman's integrity.
excavate	рыть, выкапывать	A Roman town was excavated near Corbridge.
rest	остаток, остальное	Wait, let me finish off the rest of my beer.
chest	грудь (грудная клетка)	I felt something in my chest was broken.
wedding	свадьба	It's a traditional Ghanaian wedding photo.
legal	законный, правовой	I know the basic concepts of our legal system.
consider	рассматривать, учитывать	There's another factor we should consider.
drag on	тянуться долго	The speech seemed to drag on for ages.
occupation	профессия, род деятельности	Some advise me to change my occupation.
check into	лечь (в больницу)	I had to check into the hospital.
courage	мужество	Courage is not the absence of fear.
gates	ворота	The gates are closed. I thought so.
tongue	язык	It catches insects with its tongue.
event	событие	A full moon on Friday the 13th is a very rare event.
fault	недостаток, неисправность	Big ears is not a fault but an advantage.
give out	раздать, выдать	I didn't study well and now I give out booklets.
civilian	гражданский	Civilians are not allowed here. Go away.
restrict	ограничивать	Roads are closed, and access is restricted.
nut	орех	Fresh nuts, very tasty.
embrace	обхватить, обнять, обхват	How many of us does it take to embrace it?
both	оба	Both horses are good runners. Buy them both.
hug	объятие, обнимать	Come on, let me give you a hug.
battle	битва	The British lost around 350 men in that battle.
go under	разориться	My bank went under. I lost my job.
bridge	мост	The rain caught me at the Brooklyn bridge.
indigenous	коренной, местный	I bought it from an indigenous woman in Tecpan.
beef	говядина	She is a vegetarian, she doesn't eat beef.
dish	тарелка или миска	They've left, and I have a pile of dishes to wash.
create	создавать	On the fifth day, God created birds and fish.
ever	когда-либо	Have you ever seen northern lights?
in a row	подряд	Can you light it ten times in a row?
inch	дюйм	One inch equals 2.54 centimeters.
glory	слава, сияние	I have every right to enjoy my moment of glory.
loud	громкий	We borrowed a loudspeaker from Max.
utility	полезность	Its utility is doubtful to my opinion.
fund	фонд, финансировать	The fund was set up to help people like you.
sentence	предложение	Here is a story of one sentence.
distant	отдалённый	The distant thunderstorm got closer and closer.
curve	изгибать, кривая	The road was curved but open.
evident	очевидный	Your faults are evident to everyone but yourself.
decline	снижаться, снижение	Unfortunately the number of penguins declines.
inside	внутри	You wanna know what's inside?
value	ценность, оценивать	It's a book of great historical value.
rate	показатель, уровень	South Africa's rape rate is extremely high.
community	община, сообщество	Polygamy is still practiced in this community.
advise	советовать	My physician advised me to work less.
consistent	последовательный	It takes thirty consistent days to make a habit.
apply	применять, применяться	Well, can you apply the right-hand rule?
length	длина	The length of the snake was around 50 cm.
come up to	подойти к кому-л.	Come up to the policeman and ask him.
calm	спокойный, успокоить	The September night was calm and fresh.
justice	правосудие, справедливость	Themis holds a sword and scales of justice.
chapter	глава	This chapter reads like delirium.
ratio	соотношение, пропорции	The golden ratio rule is applied in this building.
block	кусок, глыба и т. д.	This block of ice consists of fresh water.
leave (left, left)	уйти, покинуть	We're leaving. Are you staying here?
various	разнообразный	That's what we need! Pigments of various colors.
refer	сослаться, отослать	The link under the picture refers to its source.
base	основа, основывать	The base of the tower has been reinforced.
quality	качество, качественный	The quality of Chinese knives sucks.
tops	самое большое	Come on. It will take two hours tops.
constant	постоянный	Rain is almost constant during the summer.
roll up	свернуть, скатать	Roll up your sleeves and get down to work.
boat	лодка, судно	Let's look what's in that boat.
amuse	развлечь, порадовать	Toby knows how to amuse guests.
health	здоровье	My health is perfect, my mood is happy.
deserve	заслуживать	You deserved it, my congratulations.
explain	объяснять	They explained to me how to get to the city.
pleasure	удовольствие, наслаждение	Dancing is our chief pleasure and joy.
notion	понятие, представление	What do we know about their religious notions?
salmon	лосось	However, the salmon steak is the best.
sweep (swept, swept)	подметать	She starts her day with sweeping her yard.
exist	существовать	Believe it or not, they exist!
dump	сваливать, сбрасывать свалка	The assholes just dump it into the river.
ask around	поспрашивать	I've never seen her, but you should ask around.
report	доклад, отчёт	Every day I make these useless reports.
angle	угол, угловой	Find the value of angle X. You have 15 seconds.
rumor (rumour)	слух	Nasty rumors are circulating about you.
fall over	упасть, перевернуться	Don't fall over while doing that.
send out	рассылать	The motherfuckers send out tons of junk mail.
maintain	поддерживать, сохранять	Maintain a safe distance while driving in the rain.
blame	винить	I don't blame you, but you behaved like a jerk.
resume	возобновить	At sunrise, we resumed our journey.
persuade	убеждать	He persuaded Mr. Clarke to sell that old house.
whale	кит	The whale is also a symbol of good luck.
whip	кнут, хлестать	Take the whip and go for the cows.
beneath	ниже, под	Exuberant life hides beneath the sea waves.
measure	измерять, измерение	This device measures chlorophyll in plants.
century	век	I've seen centuries pass, civilizations fall.
summit	вершина, верх	A cross was erected on its summit.
let up	прекратиться, стихнуть	After the storm let up, we headed outside.
in spite of	несмотря на	In spite of his age, he was still healthy and strong.
palm	ладонь	Ah, it's tickling my palm.
affection	привязанность, влечение	His affection started to bore me.
content with	довольный, довольство	I was content with my life until that day.
sustain	поддерживать	This will sustain the fire for a while.
pick	подбирать, собирать	I tried to make some money picking berries.
adjust	настраивать, поправлять и т.д.	Ridley adjusted his tie and nodded.
face	столкнуться (перен)	What do you do when you face difficulties?
freeze (froze, frozen)	замораживать	We used to play hockey on the frozen lake.
undertake	предпринимать	Phoenicians undertook distant voyages.
mess	беспорядок, путаница	My brother's room is always in a mess.
sure	уверенный	Are you sure you have not forgotten anything?
spring (sprang, sprung)	источник, проистекать	The brook springs from the rocky hill.
hurricane	ураган	I'm not afraid of hurricanes.
supervise	надзирать, контролировать	His job was to supervise the slaves.
licence (license)	разрешение	I lost my driver's license in a bar last night.
withdraw	отводить, убирать	He withdrew his savings from the bank and fled.
pretext	повод	This was just a pretext to get rid of me.
freeze (froze, frozen)	замораживать	We used to play hockey on the frozen lake.
undertake	предпринимать	Phoenicians undertook distant voyages.
mess	беспорядок, путаница	My brother's room is always in a mess.
sure	уверенный	Are you sure you have not forgotten anything?
spring (sprang, sprung)	источник, проистекать	The brook springs from the rocky hill.
hurricane	ураган	I'm not afraid of hurricanes.
supervise	надзирать, контролировать	His job was to supervise the slaves.
licence (license)	разрешение	I lost my driver's license in a bar last night.
withdraw	отводить, убирать	He withdrew his savings from the bank and fled.
pretext	повод	This was just a pretext to get rid of me.
leave behind	оставить, забыть	Don't leave your dog behind. Take it with you.
poll	опрос или голосование	The poll showed nothing had changed.
operate	управлять, работать с	This drone is very easy to operate.
cast (cast, cast)	бросать, метать	The cave was dark and a torch cast a yellow light.
may	пусть	May your every day be better than the last.
temple	храм	It's one of the best-preserved Roman temples.
beside	рядом	The church is just beside the skyscraper.
effort	усилие, старание	But all our efforts came to nothing.
west	запад	Welcome to the Wild West!
furniture	мебель	It's Liao dynasty furniture.
stroke	гладить	Go and stroke the elephant, they like it.
facilitate	облегчать, способствовать	The wax facilitates sliding.
elbow	локоть	Learn how to perform the elbow strike.
testify	свидетельствовать	I'm ready to testify against him.
match	спичка	He lit a match and looked into the gas tank.
butt in	встревать, вмешиваться	Sorry to butt in on the conversation, but you're wrong.
circle	круг, окружность	Laure was sitting in the circle of fire.
occur	случиться	Tornadoes occur here a number of times a year.
assemble	собирать	Now you can assemble it back.
dry	сухой, сушить, засуха	Giraffes don't suffer from the dry.
vacation	отпуск, каникулы	The next vacation is in 11 months.
stumble	спотыкаться, запинаться	There is a funny statue of a stumbling policeman.
shore	берег	Okay, so let's stay on the shore
apology	извинение(я)	Do you accept my apology?
plain	ясный, очевидный	It's plain that they lie. They always do.
involve	вовлекать, увлекать	The police arrested all involved in the case.
flash	вспышка, вспыхнуть	It looked like a scary flash on the horizon.
assess	оценить	They tried to assess the damage to my brain.
patient	терпеливый	Cats are patient. Be like a cat.
support	поддерживать	Look at the Atlants, supporting the balcony.
rock	качать, трясти	The boat rocked right. The boat rocked left.
toe	палец (ноги)	She loved wearing toe rings.
common	общий	But the roof is a common area.
engaged	помолвленный (-ая)	His name is Rick. We are engaged.
famous	знаменитый	No doubt, he is the most famous Serb of today.
gear	механизм, привод, передача	Sorry, the gear is out of order.
discriminate	различать, разделять	Learn to discriminate between mushrooms.
mortgage	ипотека	I can afford a 30-year mortgage.
solar	солнечный	How many planets are in the Solar System?
apart	отдельно, врозь	Pentheus was torn apart.
opinion	мнение	Now keep calm and listen to my opinion.
accommodate	размещать, вмещать	The hostel accommodates up to 48 guests.
satisfy	удовлетворять	I'm completely satisfied with my new car.
mankind	человечество	All mankind comes from Africa.
midnight	полночь	It's a minute before midnight, get ready.
accompany	сопровождать	She was accompanied by a black Labrador dog.
refuse	отказаться	She even refused to discuss it.
curriculum vitae	резюме, биография	He has a good curriculum vitae, let's take him on.
cheerful	весёлый, неунывающий	Only cats wake up in a cheerful mood.
post	почта, почтовый	The post office is closing in three minutes, lol.
derive	выводить, извлекать	The aerial roots derive moisture from the air.
brute	животное, зверь, грубый	He is just a brute savage with no intellect.
belt	пояс	The police duty belt carries a lot of stuff.
miss	пропускать, упустить	We got off to walk around and missed the train.
recent	недавний, последний	The recent news turned out to be false.
reject	отвергать	She rejected me once and for all.
leaf (pl: leaves)	лист	All the clover has four leaves on that meadow.
locate	определить местоположение	It can locate the source of a sound very precisely.
reason	разум, благоразумие	Human reason is not capable of it.
treasure	сокровище	I've read Treasure Island 4 or 5 times.
former	бывший	Bob is a former rockstar. Everybody knows him.
sign	знак	This is a flood level sign.
failure	неудача, провал	Failure is a part of success.
recycle	перерабатывать	They recycle up to 60 percent of all paper.
caution	предосторожность, предостережение	Bob just didn't notice the caution sign.
labour	труд, трудиться	Labour is a curse of humanity.
do without	обойтись без	A man can do without food for forty days.
spot	место	But Jim pointed at an empty spot and said: 'Here'.
offence (offense)	преступление, нарушение	Elephant poaching is an offense.
gang	банда, шайка	What do you know about street gangs!
pursuit	преследование	After a short pursuit, the gull took the fish away.
age	век, эпоха	This period is called the Dark Ages.
rise (rose, risen)	подниматься, повышаться	The water keeps rising, and people keep leaving.
regret	сожалеть, сожаление	There is only one thing I regret in my life.
reserve	бронировать	All the tables are reserved except the worst one.
yet	всё же	This hotel is very nice, and yet quite cheap.
youth	молодёжь, молодость	Youth likes parties.
surround	окружать	The lake is surrounded by coniferous forest.
vital	жизненный, жизненно важный	Vitamins are vital for body metabolism.
wrong	не тот	I seem to have married the wrong man.
insect	насекомое	Ladybug is the only insect I can stand.
construction (site)	стройка	I worked on a construction site with Mexicans.
prospect	перспектива, вид будущего	We have splendid prospects for this year.
success	успех	Now we know that our success was an accident.
liable	подлежащий	All of them are liable to deportation.
contend	бороться, соперничать	Mortals must not contend with immortals.
dream	сон (видение)	I know why the dream felt so real.
whereas	тогда как	He is tall and white, whereas I'm short and black.
blow out	задуть (свечу)	Blow out the candle. Make a wish.
regard	считать, рассматривать	Cats regard humans as mobile furniture.
suggest	предлагать	I suggested him not to do it at all.
solve	решить	Learn to solve the Rubik's Cube in six steps.
confuse	путать	I'm confused about these wires.
join	присоединить (ся)	Wanna join us?
horrible	ужасный, отвратительный	Guam bat soup is a horrible dish.
take off	взлететь	The plane is taking off, please take your seats.
grow up	вырастать	The puppy grew up to be a very nice dog.
express	выражать	You can express yourself in any way you want.
take a look	взглянуть	Open your eyes, take a look at the sky.
series	сериал	How much time have you spent watching TV series?
conserve	беречь, экономить	On the station water must be conserved.
plot	план, чертёж	I made up a plot. Look.
tube	труба	Let's order free samples of the tubes.
minor	второстепенный, незначительный	I scratched my car in a minor accident.
explode	взрываться	Last night he was exploded in his car.
honest	честный	To be honest, I approve of slavery.
track	след, выслеживать	We tracked him for about 3 hours.
odd	необычный, неправильный	This odd building is called Krzywy Domek.
guide	вести, направлять	I can guide you through the forest.
bat	летучая мышь	Don't be afraid of bats. They are harmless.
income	доход	I have a modest, but permanent income.
habit	привычка, обычай	He has a habit of picking his nose.
poison	яд, травить	My wife can cook poisons.
volume	том, книга	Can you please pass me the first volume?
either	тоже (не)	In fact, I can't play guitar. And I can't sing either.
fortune	состояние (деньги)	He earned his fortune through hard work.
fist	кулак	You wanna test my fists?
crop	урожай	The crop is gathered, we can relax.
improve	улучшить	A good plastic surgeon can improve your face.
loyal	верный, преданный	Bruno is my loyal battle comrade.
wheel	колесо	I like Ferris Wheels, but I'm afraid of heights.
meet (met, met)	встретить или познакомиться	I met my future husband in Berlin.
horn	рог	They have bad temper and sharp horns.
strip	снимать (обнажать)	The wind stripped the leaves from the trees.
sacred	священный	Where he died, a sacred tree now grows.
dip	окунать, погружать	He thoughtfully dipped a french fry in ketchup.
fence	забор, огораживать	Unfortunately, now it's fenced and locked.
deep	глубокий	Crater Lake is the deepest in the United States.
dismiss	отклонить, отбросить	All proposals were dismissed for various reasons.
otherwise	иначе, иным образом	I could not have done otherwise.
damn	проклятый, проклинать	Stand here and guard the damn gates.
perhaps	возможно	Perhaps this time I will win.
junior	младший	I received a junior ranger certificate and a badge.
district	район, округ и т. п.	She lives in the Forest Park district in Springfield.
take part	принимать участие	Would you like to take part in the Redneck Games?
eligible	имеющий право	Only colored people are eligible for BET awards.
hazard	опасность, риск, угроза	There is a hazard of electrical shock.
strike	забастовка	The train is not coming, the railwaymen are on strike.
feed (fed, fed)	кормить	Don't feed the monkeys? Why?
supply	поставлять, поставка	As banana supply was restored, prices fell.
poor	бедный	Alas, poor Yorick! I knew him. ©
convince	убеждать	It was not true but it sounded convincing.
tie	галстук, завязка и т.п.	In fact, cats don't like ties that much.
escape	избежать, спастись	We escaped, and they didn't, ha ha.
mine	мина	We can use the old German naval mine.
let smb in	впустить	Who let this cat in?
pour	лить	Then I pour the liquid gold into bar molds.
expect	ожидать (события)	I expect the fish to bite as usual.
within	в пределах, внутри	Mars is within our reach now.
confer	совещаться	The President conferred with his advisor.
nest	гнездо, гнездиться	Now storks nest on its roof.
board	доска	Is it a cutting board or purely decorative?
core	ядро, сердцевина, сущность	The core of avocado is good for health.
apply	обращаться (с заявлением)	To apply for a visa, you need the following.
combat	бой	Who do you think will win the combat?
loan	заём, ссуда	They granted illegal loans.
council	совет (орган)	He is a member of Her Majesty's Privy Council.
flaw	изъян	Even diamonds have flaws.
wealth	богатство	I wasn't ready for the wealth that fell upon me.
employ	нанимать на работу	We employ mostly immigrants from Asia.
drive (drove, driven)	двигать, гнать	Life drove me into a corner. I have nothing to lose.
eat up	съесть полностью	They ate up everything and left me nothing.
attitude	отношение	What's your attitude to vegetarianism?
software	программое обеспечение	Hi, I'm Arkady. I'm a software developer.
chase	погоня, гнаться	Johnny snapped a cheetah chasing rabbit.
infant	ребёнок	He abandoned us when I was just an infant.
allege	утверждать, приписывать	He alleges that God is angry at humanity.
bond	обязательство, облигация	Bonds are issued by states and corporations.
trunk	багажник	We have to examine the trunk.
item	пункт, номер, предмет	This item is unnecessary. Cross it out.
garden	сад	I've never seen her in the garden anymore.
dust	пыль	What I hate about Mars are the dust storms.
attend	уделить внимание, посетить	Last summer, I attended a yoga seminar.
spread (spread, spread)	распространять(ся)	Nothing could prevent the fire from spreading.
bound	обязан	Don't worry – someone's bound to find her.
acid	кислота	Brian gets acid from Robert.
appear	появиться	A shepherd saw the star that appeared in the sky.
bury	хоронить	I'm terribly afraid to be buried alive.
generation	поколение	The new generation won't understand me.
stare	пялиться, пристальный взгляд	He stared at me as if he was seeing through me.
judge	судья, судить (втч. перен)	Why do judges wear funny wigs?
arms	оружие	Illegal arms supply is a very good business.
plain	ровный, равнина	The plain stretches across the entire state.
slice	ломтик, нарезать	A slice is enough, thank you.
feel (felt, felt)	трогать, щупать	Here, feel it. It's not even hot, right?
valid	действительный	Thank god it's still valid.
inevitable	неизбежный	Death is inevitable, you know.
stress	подчеркнуть, заострить внимание	I'd like to stress the importance of this principle.
fee	плата	The fuckers suddenly raised the fee again.
put through	подвергнуть	We put the rats through a number of tests.
worry	волновать (ся)	So I'm a little worried about that part.
essential	необходимый	Rabies vaccination is essential for all cats.
wire	проволока, провод	Be careful, don't cut the wrong wire.
commitment	обязательство	Marriage is a commitment. Don't ever get married.
remind	напомнить	This smell reminds me of my childhood.
mine	шахта, рудник	This old mine was abandoned long ago.
sweat	пот, потеть	Jogging makes me sweat. Swimming is a bore.
ought	должен, обязан	I can't. I ought to be where I am right now.
edit	редактировать, монтировать	He was the first to use this editing technique.
single	один, отдельный, единый	Rhone and Drome converge into a single river.
advantage	преимущество	The advantage in size didn't help the lion.
sink	раковина	I washed it down the sink before the police came.
transmit	передавать, переносить	Rats transmit a large number of diseases.
helpful	полезный	His assistance was very helpful to me.
cheek	щека	Uh-oh, what's wrong with my cheek?
swell (swelled, swollen)	раздуваться, распухать	The next day the hand swelled.
cause	причина, быть причиной	Michael's friend said hard drugs caused death.
pad	блокнот	Two weeks had passed, the pad was still blank.
tap	кран	Never drink from this tap.
persist	упорствовать	Despite everything, James persisted in his search.
advantage	преимущество	The advantage in size didn't help the lion.
sink	раковина	I washed it down the sink before the police came.
transmit	передавать, переносить	Rats transmit a large number of diseases.
helpful	полезный	His assistance was very helpful to me.
cheek	щека	Uh-oh, what's wrong with my cheek?
swell (swelled, swollen)	раздуваться, распухать	The next day the hand swelled.
cause	причина, быть причиной	Michael's friend said hard drugs caused death.
pad	блокнот	Two weeks had passed, the pad was still blank.
tap	кран	Never drink from this tap.
persist	упорствовать	Despite everything, James persisted in his search.
joint	сустав, шарнир, стык и т. д.	The cardan joint consists of two yokes.
floor	пол	The floor is cold! Where are my slippers?
wave	махать, колебаться	I waved my hand to them, they waved back to me.
close down	закрыться (насовсем)	My favorite bookstore closed down.
nail	гвоздь, прибивать	I nail the caps to the wall like that.
lovely	чудесный, милый	It's a lovely place to walk around and soak up the air.
authority	власть	Royal authority comes from God alone.
note	заметка, запись	Taking notes helps me concentrate.
native	родной	Something happened to my native city.
carve	вырезать (напр. из дерева)	I'm carving a scene from my favourite tale.
designate	обозначать, называть	This hieroglyph designates a rabbit.
mental	умственный	You lack mental development.
newspaper	газета	We need newspapers to wrap fish in.
tune	мелодия, мотив	Doesn't the tune sound familiar?
foster	приёмный (ребёнок)	She is our foster child from Ecuador.
gasp	задыхаться, ловить воздух	Will gasped for air like a fish out of water.
wildlife	дикая природа	Keep your distance from wildlife.
sharp	острый	Take the one that is sharper.
corn	кукуруза, зерно	Red corn is the sweetest.
comfort	утешать, утешение	May your friends give you comfort.
obvious	очевидный	Why can't you see it? It's obvious.
title	заголовок	It was an old book with some corny title.
pass	пройти	All will pass, and this will too.
outrage	произвол, насилие, поругание	Of course, it leads to more police outrages.
since	поскольку	I had to climb 8 floors since the lift was out of order.
own	владеть	I own this store and one more.
go bad	испортиться	I'm afraid it went bad.
outcome	результат, исход	The outcome is a bit predictable.
convert	преобразовывать	It converts sounds into electrical signals.
reside	проживать (где-то)	I resided in Chicago for the first 15 years of my life.
betray	предавать	But why Brutus betrayed Ceasar?
injure	ранить, наносить ущерб	A week ago my sister picked up an injured sparrow.
gradual	постепенный	The climb is gradual for the first 1.5 miles.
special	особенный, специальный	It's a very special ball. It gives answers.
rotate	сменять, чередовать	The guards rotate every four hours.
implement	осуществлять	The project will be implemented in three phases.
tip (tips)	чаевые	The WiFi password is on the tip jar.
settle	селиться	People first settled in Iceland in the 9th century.
pepper	перец	This chili pepper is extremely hot.
thorough	основательный, полный	A dog conducted thorough inspection of the bags.
sole	подошва	I prefer hard-sole boots.
fend off	защищаться	In case of harassment, be ready to fend off.
Jew	еврей	What is this Jew selling?
differ	отличаться	All snowflakes differ from one another.
cheat	жульничать	Did you cheat on your exams?
deliberate	обдуманный, преднамеренный	It was my deliberate decision to leave him.
polish	шлифовать, полировать	Polish it so that it shines.
external	внешний	The external surface of Hoth is covered with ice.
internal	внутренний	It shows the internal structure of Earth.
show off	показать всем, похвастаться	Bob is showing off his dancing talents.
bunch	связка, пучок, группа	Can I get a bunch of bananas?
swing (swung, swung)	качать, махать	Swinging ropes are utterly essential.
scholar	учёный	We don't know the name of that great scholar.
steam	пар	I rode behind a real steam locomotive.
helpless	беспомощный	When you're caught in a traffic jam, you feel helpless.
universe	вселенная	We now know the size of the universe.
fellow	парень, человек	I wouldn't trust that fellow very far.
stage	сцена	Even Jim Morrison had stage fright at first.
correspond	соответствовать	Each ring corresponds to a specific continent.
board	борт, подниматься на борт	The next morning I boarded the train to Dover.
look at	рассмотреть, обдумать	We didn't even look at this option.
interpret	истолковывать	Pray interpret this strange dream.
brush	кисть, щётка, чистить	I'm looking for a good set of calligraphy brushes.
thrill	трепет, дрожь, дрожать	It was a thrilling experience but a bit scary.
sell out of	распродать (весь товар)	Sorry, we have sold out of all cheese for the day.
intelligence	разведка	CIA stands for Central Intelligence Agency.
assist	помогать	Tom and I assisted him in planting the rowan.
part	роль	He is most famous for his part of Grey Worm.
draft	тяга, сквозняк	I am in a draft, close the door.
desire	желание, желать	The desire turned to disappointment.
eliminate	устранять, ликвидировать	Nearly half of the forests were eliminated.
fly	муха	Flies are even worse than bed bugs.
try out	испытать	Today I'm trying out my new skateboard.
distinguish	выделять, отличать	Can you distinguish a frog from a toad?
legislation	законодательство	No legislation will help you.
simple	простой, обычный	This is a very simple game.
exit	выход, выходить	After several wrong turns, we found the exit.
speak out	высказать	Anybody can speak out here.
ski	ездить на лыжах	There is nothing to do there but ski.
devastate	опустошать, разорять	We're bringing order to the devastated city.
see to	заняться, позаботиться	I'll see to it that the cats are fed on time.
coat	пальто	Why don't you like my coat?
bump	удар, ударять	I heard a bump on the floor and went out to look.
head for	направляться	We are heading for the mountains!
tank	бак	The tank is full, get ready for your adventure!
ultimate	окончательный, конечный	We are close to the ultimate point.
sensitive	чувствительный	My metal detector is very sensitive.
give birth to	родить	The mountain gave birth to a mouse (c).
guess	угадывать, догадываться	If I guess your card you owe me a dollar.
recruit	набирать, вербовать	We recruited 20 volunteers for the experiment.
future	будущий, будущее	My future was vague and scary.
harsh	резкий, суровый, грубый	Rickey's words were harsh but true.
desperate	отчаянный, безвыходный	It's over, the situation is desperate.
enrol (enroll)	записать (в члены), набрать	I enrolled in a course in Thai massage.
excuse	оправдание, отмазка	I need to make up an excuse.
patrol	патруль	The border patrol caught him just in time.
estimate	примерно оценивать	Try to estimate the number of sweets in the jar.
shrug	пожать плечами	She shrugged and said: 'Fuck if I know'.
attack	нападать, нападение	The tiger got ready to attack.
interrupt	прерывать, перебивать	Please don't interrupt me, bro.
delight	восторг	What do I feel? Pure delight.
creep (crept, crept)	ползти, красться	Jenifer managed to creep out of the house.
discover	открыть (новое)	Leif Erikson discovered America by chance.
height	высота, рост	Every three months, we measure my height.
nutrition	питание	Now we have no issues with nutrition.
bring out	выпустить (новинку и т.д.)	The selfie stick was brought out in 2014.
drills	тренировка, учение	The drills will last for a week or so.
mood	настроение	My bad mood was however short-lived.
flesh	плоть, мясо	It's a common zombie, a flesh eater.
develop	развивать, разрабатывать	I try to develop my superskills.
lot	жребий, судьба	The lot is cast. Your fate is sealed.
buy	верить, соглашаться (разг.)	No, I don't buy it no more.
prompt	быстрый, оперативный	We provide prompt delivery anywhere.
last	длиться	I wish this night could last forever.
stand out	выделяться	Don't be afraid to stand out in the crowd.
abuse	злоупотреблять	They say I abuse booze. It's not like that.
tent	палатка, шатёр	Nikki opened the tent to let some fresh air in.
ride	ездить	Riding a horse is like meditation.
long for	желать или скучать	Nobody knows what I am longing for.
fair	справедливый, честный	Please respect the Fair Play rules.
gender	пол	Dear user, what's your gender?
journey	путешествие	This was the easiest part of our journey.
spy (on)	шпион, шпионить	She spied on me from around the corner.
ask out	пригласить сходить	You think about her. A lot. Just ask her out .
flat	квартира	I woke up in a flat I didn't recognize.
capacity	способность, возможность	Think of energy as the capacity to do work.
wine	вино	This is the best wine store in the town.
put together	собирать, соединять	Putting together jigsaw puzzles makes you smarter.
figure out	понять, придумать	They can't figure out how to open these boxes.
responsible	ответственный	The owner is responsible for his dog's behavior.
sentence	приговор	A federal judge has thrown out two life sentences.
switch	переключать, переключатель	How does the railroad switch work?
cancel	отменять	Because of the snow, all flights are canceled.
scratch	царапать, царапина	Cats scratch to sharpen and clean their claws.
source	источник	Peas can be a great source of protein.
sheet	лист	Durasteel sheets are exceptionally robust.
manage	справляться, управлять	This machine is very easy to manage.
corner	угол	Let's wait for him around the corner.
fright	испуг	He just gave me a fright, that was all.
stable	устойчивый	Everything was stable and boring in his life.
occur to	прийти в голову	It occurred to me that I looked a bit stupid.
associate	общаться, связываться	Be alert to who your child associates with.
apparent	явный, видимый	The progress of this country is apparent.
east	восток	To the east of Mumbai is Aurangabad.
survey	обзор, исследование	Our primary survey showed unexpected results.
store	магазин	No visitors in the store today, or maybe one.
rid	освобождать, избавлять	Rocky rid us of our mice and rats.
reception	прием, приёмная	You forgot your blazer in the reception room.
at all	совсем	Today I have no money at all.
suit	подходить, соответствовать	Does this painting suit the room?
constitute	составлять, образовывать	Do these stones constitute a temple? No.
go ahead	взять (и сделать)	If you get nervous just go ahead and jump.
village	деревня	Do you think we can enter the village?
scale	взбираться	Those who had no tickets scaled the wall.
accord	согласие	An accord cannot be reached between them.
latter	последний (из названных)	K. and M. The former is Dutch, the latter is a Jew.
former	первый (из названных)	K. and M. The former is gay, the latter isn't.
pine	сосна	Veronika lost her way in the pine forest.
wipe	вытирать, салфетка	Take big wet wipes to wipe yourself with.
clue	ключ, нить, улика	This book gives a clue to the riddle.
visit	посетить, посещение	While in Scotland, be sure to visit Edinburgh Castle.
sensation	ощущение	It gave me a sensation like shivers.
discount	скидка	I bought the mustard at a discount of 50%.
torture	пытка, мучить	The best torture chairs had up to 500 spikes.
guest	гость	She is our most cheerful guest.
rear	задний	I kept it under the rear seat, just in case.
degree	степень (во всех значениях)	It takes 4 years to complete a bachelor's degree.
treat	обращаться, иметь дело	There are three rules for treating gremlins.
assert	утверждать, отстаивать	They succeeded in asserting their interests.
snake	змея	Don't step on the snake's tail.
bone	кость	Most bones are found accidentally.
peer	ровня, ровесник	I was the tallest player among my peers.
obtain	получить, обрести	He married only to obtain U.S. citizenship.
entertain	развлекать	Let us entertain you!
lobby	вестибюль, фойе, прихожая	Now the lobby looks much nicer.
gamble	азартная игра, играть	Gambling is a waste of time.
via	через	The train goes to Jabalpur via Guna.
put out	потушить	If your dinner is on fire put it out with a cloth.
pretend	притворяться	It rolled over, and pretended to be dead.
past	прошлый, прошедший	Do you have any things from the past?
date	свидание, встречаться	It's Rob, the guy who dates my cousin Mandi.
local	местный	Jay Zeavis? Is he a local artist?
breath	дыхание, вздох	It needs to take a breath from time to time.
struggle	бороться, борьба	Our struggle will not be in vain.
outline	контур, очертание, очертить	They now use masking tape to outline bodies.
interfere	вмешиваться, мешать	A silly dog interfered with the game.
decade	десятилетие или десяток	The 1960s was a decade of change and hope.
plain	простой, незамысловатый	A plain white T-shirt would be better.
set smb back	задержать	The earthquake set us back two days.
weapon	оружие	They have a nice collection of cold weapons.
member	член	Luciano was a member of Torrio's gang.
customer	клиент	This gentleman is our constant customer.
put up	устроить (напр. драку)	I'm ready to put up a fight.
case	ящик, футляр, чехол	There was nothing but old junk in the case.
melt	таять, плавить(ся)	Ice is melting. April the 3th.
surgery	хирургия, операция	I'm afraid of surgery, are there any alternatives?
fame	известность, слава	I found his star on the Walk of Fame in LA.
mean (meant, meant)	иметь в виду	No! I mean, yes!
factory	фабрика, завод	Aziza worked at a textile factory in Kabul.
ahead	вперёд, впереди	The nearest cash machine is two blocks ahead.
tame	ручной, приручать	They are easy to tame, but what for?
collect	собирать	Amber is collected on the shores of Pomerania.
joint	совместный, объединённый	Through a joint effort, they were able to get it.
domestic	внутренний (о политике)	It's his most important domestic policy initiative.
boot	сапог, ботинок	My Caterpillar boots served me for 7 years.
divorce	развод, разводиться	That was our first meeting after the divorce.
shortage	нехватка	Many people suffer from a shortage of food.
purpose	цель, причина	What is the purpose of your visit to the US?
noon	полдень	They arrived at noon at the railway station.
immediate	немедленный, непосредственный	A reflex is an immediate response to a stimulus.
tame	ручной, приручать	They are easy to tame, but what for?
collect	собирать	Amber is collected on the shores of Pomerania.
joint	совместный, объединённый	Through a joint effort, they were able to get it.
domestic	внутренний (о политике)	It's his most important domestic policy initiative.
boot	сапог, ботинок	My Caterpillar boots served me for 7 years.
divorce	развод, разводиться	That was our first meeting after the divorce.
shortage	нехватка	Many people suffer from a shortage of food.
purpose	цель, причина	What is the purpose of your visit to the US?
noon	полдень	They arrived at noon at the railway station.
immediate	немедленный, непосредственный	A reflex is an immediate response to a stimulus.
hang (hung, hung)	висеть, вешать	In Oregon, horse thieves were hung.
gross	валовой, грязный	Gross profit is revenue minus the cost of goods sold.
contradict	противоречить	Religion contradicts science and itself.
odds	шансы	The odds of dying in a plane crash is 1/20000.
rob	грабить, отнимать	He robbed post offices and sometimes trains.
original	первоначальный, первоисточник	The original bull terrier looked like that.
take on	набрать (напр. рабочих)	Definitely, colleges take on too many students.
pitch	подавать (мяч)	Jack was the worst pitcher in the league.
simultaneous	одновременный	He gave a simultaneous chess exhibition.
adopt	принимать, перенимать	Most of them adopted the European way of life.
scales	весы	The scales lie. I must be 116 pounds tops.
principal	главный, основной	Sand is a principal ingredient of glass.
church	церковь	You can even get to the roof of the church.
clothe	одевать, покрывать	There you'll see an old wall clothed with moss.
let off	отпустить, дать отделаться	I was let off with a suspended sentence.
compete	соперничать	Six dogs competed to be the first.
tear	слеза	I will not shed a single tear for you.
somewhat	слегка	I like it here, but the climate is somewhat hot.
click	щёлкать, щелчок	Roger clicked his pen nervously.
lock	замок, запирать	The door is locked, he can't get out.
brave	храбрый	The Scots are brave warriors.
stomach	желудок, живот	I feel like the butterflies in my stomach.
due	должный, положенный	Everything comes in due time.
make up	помириться	We quarreled but then made up.
at least	по крайней мере	At least you have a good story to tell.
fork	развилка, раздваиваться	After about two miles, there will be a road fork.
over	заново	People make the same mistakes over and over.
steer	управлять, направлять	My steering wheel was a little hard to turn.
casual	случайный	It all started from a casual meeting in Paris.
tooth (pl: teeth)	зуб	I got my tooth fixed at a very affordable price.
faint	слабый, неуловимый	They are able to detect the faintest odors.
obsess	овладеть (разумом)	She was obsessed with the most insane ideas.
wood	древесина, лес	It's made entirely of wood without a single nail.
sit out	высидеть	Some lessons may be hard to sit out.
cookie	печенье	I cooked chocolate chip cookies for you.
mold (mould)	плесень	It's a cheese with a noble blue mold inside.
exhibit	выставлять, показывать	The best works of Andy Warhal are exhibited.
character	персонаж	Willy Wonka is my favourite movie character.
yell	кричать, вопить	Please stop yelling.
master	хозяин	I'm the master of the house, and who are you?
incentive	стимул, мотив	Two types of incentives exist.
probable	вероятный, возможный	This primate is your probable ancestor.
flight	полёт, рейс	My flight disappeared from the schedule.
onion	лук, луковица	I'm not crying, it's just the onion.
consequence	последствие	It is a consequence of global warming.
mount	гора	Mount Merap is an active stratovolcano.
ill	больной	He is ill. What do you feed him?
summary	сводка, конспект	Whatever you learn, make visual summaries.
capital	главный, большой, высший	Caps lock' means LOCK the case as CAPitals.
offend	обидеть, оскорбить	Your words offend my ears and my mind.
towel	полотенце	Please bring me the towel from the armchair.
grateful	благодарный	I am grateful to fate for this turn of events.
shoulder	плечо	Mr Clinton walked with his cat on his shoulder.
sample	образец, часть	I have no time to examine these samples.
deck	палуба, крышка, настил	I used the stolen boards for this deck.
talk smb out	отговорить	I don't know if they talked her out of jumping.
evolve	развиваться, эволюционировать	The human brain didn't evolve that much.
divide	делить	God divided the land among the twelve tribes.
line	линия, ряд	Do not cross the red line.
shape	форма, формировать	Their shape reminds me of a castle.
come to	очнуться	When I came to, I was walking on the roof.
flame	пламя, пылать	The flame will flare up from the spark.
underpants	трусы	Whose underpants are these?
foreign	иностранный	Learning a second foreign language is much easier.
resign	отказываться, сдавать, уходить	Mr. Ishii announced that he would resign.
spice	пряность, специя	I need the hottest spice you have.
make into	переделать в	He made that coin into a pendant.
tie	связывать, завязывать	Help me tie the bracelet around my wrist.
mark	метка, отмечать	On your marks, get set, go!
keep up	успевать за чем-л.	Ali was too fast. Nobody could keep up with him.
tiny	крошечный	Look at that building, it’s so tiny!
mean (meant, meant)	означать	Aum means nothing, and it also means everything.
reason	причина, мотив	I have three reasons to despise him.
carpet	ковер	Every carpet seller accepts credit cards.
embarrass	смущать, стеснять	You are embarrassing me.
recognize	узнавать	Ya, it was you, I recognize your voice!
able	способный, могущий	Some of them were able to fly.
fine	тонкий	My hair is fine, but I have a lot of it.
remote	отдалённый, захолустный	It's one of the most remote spots on the globe.
creature	существо	Be careful with these creatures.
fix	исправить, наладить	I'm gonna change the CVP to fix the engine.
mindful	внимательный, помнящий	Be mindful of the wolves wandering around.
natural	естественный	Their natural habitat shrinks.
payment	оплата	More and more people use mobile payments.
descend	спускаться	I don't want to descend, I'm OK here.
ascend	восходить	As you ascend, look to your left, don't forget.
gesture	жест, жестикулировать	This gesture is a Vulcan salute.
liberate	освобождать	On April 29, the prisoners were liberated.
bug	жук	Donny got himself a deer bug.
bottom	дно	Cthulhu lives at the bottom of the ocean.
sit back	отсидеться	We can't just sit back and wait. We have to act.
pause	приостанавливать	She paused and said: No, not like that.
commit	совершить (напр. ошибку)	Birthday is the best day to commit suicide.
fishing	рыбалка	My dogs go fishing with me, too.
criminal	преступник	The criminal was caught in the backyard.
square	квадрат, квадратный	Black Square is his most famous work.
medicine	лекарство	She said I needed some kind of new medicine.
custom	заказной, индивидуальный	This is a handmade custom motorcycle.
write out	выписать (документ)	He wrote out a speeding ticket and let me go.
destroy	разрушать	It was partially destroyed by the hurricane.
sit back	отсидеться	We can't just sit back and wait. We have to act.
pause	приостанавливать	She paused and said: No, not like that.
commit	совершить (напр. ошибку)	Birthday is the best day to commit suicide.
fishing	рыбалка	My dogs go fishing with me, too.
criminal	преступник	The criminal was caught in the backyard.
square	квадрат, квадратный	Black Square is his most famous work.
medicine	лекарство	She said I needed some kind of new medicine.
custom	заказной, индивидуальный	This is a handmade custom motorcycle.
write out	выписать (документ)	He wrote out a speeding ticket and let me go.
destroy	разрушать	It was partially destroyed by the hurricane.
leg	нога	A man is a creature with 2 legs, without feather.
neither	тоже не	She didn't like it, neither did I.
confront	противостоять, сталкиваться	One can't confront the state directly and win.
distinct	чёткий, различимый	There's a distinct border between these layers.
impose	навязывать, налагать	I think we should impose some new taxes.
descend from	происходить от	He descends from Vijayalaya himself.
court	двор (королевский)	The royal court is full of deceit and intrigue.
slip	скользнуть	He slipped and fell, such a silly death.
as well as	так же как и	It stays green in winter as well as in summer.
look forward	ожидать, предвкушать	The cats were looking forward to their fish.
rule	правило	The Ten Commandments are the rules given by Yahweh.
unique	уникальный	It's a unique species found only in this region.
valley	долина	He lived in this valley many years ago.
court	игровая площадка	The basketball court was my home, my world.
fibre	волокно	The advantages of optical fibre are obvious.
probe	датчик, зонд	A pulse oximeter probe is applied to a finger.
prison	тюрьма	Alcatraz Island Prison became a legend.
except	кроме, исключая	All the roses withered except one.
cap	кепка, шляпа, колпачок	The fly cap is made of soft cotton.
evil	злой, зло	Definitely it was the Lord of Evil himself.
rest	отдых, отдыхать	Don’t tease me. I need some rest.
firm	твёрдый	My faith is as firm as a diamond.
subsequent	последующий	Subsequent phases become more visible.
weird	нереальный, странный	They are weird creatures, aren't they?
frustrate	расстраивать (план, схему)	Thus the whole plan is frustrated.
resolve	решиться, решимость	Never, he said with firm resolve.
rough up	грубо обращаться, нападать	Israeli soldiers often rough up journalists.
afford	позволить себе	This is the best guitar I can afford.
take a walk	прогуляться	I took a walk after college one day.
pure	чистый, незагрязнённый	Our final product is as pure as can be.
definite	определённый	We need a definite sum of money, and that's all.
toward (towards)	по направлению к	The other sign pointed toward the village.
excellent	превосходный	Nowadays, the roads in Mexico are excellent.
flip	переворачивать, перевёрнутый	He flipped in the air before entering the water.
thick	толстый	The wall is thick enough to stand cannon shots.
severe	серьёзный, суровый, жёсткий	The climate is severe, storms are often dreadful.
breed (bred, bred)	разводить, выращивать	Her family breeds horses in Kentucky.
dump	бросать (парня/девушку)	If she finds someone better, she will dump you.
thus	таким образом, поэтому	Thus I learned from life itself.
set about	приступить, начать	We set about the research of the locality.
capture	захватить	The Ghostbusters captured a bunch of ghosts.
on behalf of	от имени	I'm authorized to act on behalf of the law.
permit	разрешать	Are you sure it's permitted?
widespread	распространенный	Cacti are widespread in Arizona.
huge	огромный	I'll wait for you under that huge tree.
check	проверить	Check your dog's teeth regularly.
hint	намёк, намекать	I didn't take his hint.
genuine	подлинный, настоящий	It's a genuine Rembrandt self-portrait.
surge	волна, всплеск, вздыматься	A surging wave washed him away.
on purpose	нарочно	I suspect that the cat did it on purpose.
boobs	титьки	God made boobs for a reason.
grip	хватать, захват, хватка	This grip is not for me at all.
establish	установить, учредить	The Corporation was established in 1903.
tribe	племя	The men of the tribe gathered to discuss it.
ally	союзник	We and our allies will never forget that day.
rent	аренда, арендовать, сдавать	We rented a cabin for a week for $800.
beat (beat, beaten)	бить	Your heart is beating too fast. What's wrong?
bid	заявка, предложение цены	The winning bid for this stone was $71.
defeat	поражение, наносить поражение	The defeat of the Afghans was predictable.
grace	благодать, милость	He said he felt Divine grace here.
dine	ужинать	We dined in a different restaurant every night.
hero	герой	Who is this hero who defeated the dragon?
royal	королевский	The royal palace didn't impress me.
bill	счёт (к оплате)	The food was OK, but the bill was wrong.
cattle	крупный рогатый скот	Now he deals in cattle.
counter	противостоять, противоположный	Their style of play is not easy to counter.
suck	сосать	A leech can suck up to five times its body weight.
resort to	прибегать к	We had to resort to brute force.
sequence	последовательность	I just put a sequence of photos together.
sum	сумма, суммировать	The sum looks pretty good.
hurry	спешить, торопиться	He hurried past the corpse toward the car.
justify	оправдывать, обосновывать	This is enough to justify the invasion.
by oneself	один, сам	I cook it by myself right here.
gut	кишка	The words made his gut twist.
plane	самолёт	This lovely plane will take us back to Habana.
brilliant	блестящий	This fish has brilliant red fins.
review	обзор, сделать обзор	I wrote a review of this book. Read it.
sit around	просто сидеть	They sit around all day and see everything.
thick	густой	A thick fog hid them from my sight.
law	закон	The law is harsh, but it is the law.
site	местоположение	The abbey was built on the site of the battle.
nonetheless	тем не менее	Nonetheless, they can swim fine.
borrow	брать взаймы	Do you mind if I borrow your bicycle?
come down	сводиться	In the end, everything comes down to sex.
article	вещь, изделие	Every article of clothing was the same price.
puddle	лужа	It's my favorite puddle, the deepest one.
claim	требовать, претендовать	We claim freedom for ourselves and for all!
govern	управлять	Julius Caesar governed the empire for 4 years.
overseas	за рубежом, особ. за морем	All Australian exports go overseas.
ugly	безобразный, уродливый	Who said trolls are ugly?
free	свободный или бесплатный	The best things in life are free.
fool	дурак, дурачить	Like most people, you are easy to fool.
margin	маржа, накрутка	Cost reduction increases margin.
streak	полоса, след, струя	A bright streak flashed across the sky.
by chance	случайно	Do you, by chance, have condensed milk?
moderate	умеренный, средний	Moderate exercise is for old folks.
satellite	спутник	About 1,100 active satellites now orbit Earth.
impair	ухудшать, ослаблять и т.д.	Alcohol impairs brain function.
damage	вред, повреждать	The damage from the locust is not that great.
fellow	товарищ по чему-либо	Jim Trout is my school fellow.
workshop	мастерская, студия	I found it in the workshop of my grandfather.
master	овладеть (напр. искусством)	Much later, humans mastered pottery.
currency	валюта	I hold my money in different currencies.
taste	вкус, иметь вкус	This tastes like shit, try it!
hatred	ненависть	I'll never forget the hatred in his eyes.
dress	одеваться	She dresses like a whore and acts like one.
pregnant	беременная	Being pregnant is starting to annoy me.
private	частный, личный	Be respectful of the private property signs.
collaborate	сотрудничать	Yes, yes, we will collaborate on all levels.
hostage	заложник	Aim better and don't hit the hostage this time.
county	графство, округ	Norfolk is a county in the East of England.
roll	катиться	Tai Shan likes rolling down the hill.
rest	покоиться	The earth rests on elephants, not whales.
trust	доверять	This whole exercise is about trust.
get stuck	застрять	I seem to get stuck. Help me out here.
adolescent	подросток, подростковый	Adolescents are stupid in terms of experience.
despite	несмотря на	Despite its look, it can be dangerous.
range	диапазон, пределы	We offer a wide range of cowboy boots.
expense	расходы	Sarah keeps track of her expenses.
addict	наркоман, привыкать	I'm an alcoholic, addict, smoker and gambler.
murder	убийство, убивать	The widow's murder shocked everyone.
literate	грамотность	Only 60% of the children are literate in India.
merge	соединять, сливать	The two roads merge for 5 miles and then fork.
content	содержимое	Be careful with the content of this bag.
aspire	стремиться	All art aspires to be music. (c)
go on	происходить	What the fuck is going on here?
research	исследование, исследовать	His research is almost complete.
appear	казаться	He failed to appear serious.
attract	привлекать, притягивать	The smell of food attracts unwelcome visitors.
dawn	рассвет	The fishermen go out to sea at dawn.
undermine	подрывать	The spring gradually undermined the roots.
dispose of	располагать, распоряжаться	How did you dispose of your pocket money?
dot	точка	Join these dots with four straight lines.
rub	тереть	They light their fire by rubbing two sticks together.
look into	посмотреть, изучить	I have to look into this coin. It will take time.
fabric	ткань, материал	I just want to touch this fabric.
beauty	красота или красавица	I was intoxicated by the beauty of this land.
pretty	приятный	This pretty girl is cosplaying Hiccup.
call off	отменить	The game is called off :(
manifest	проявить, явный	Gods manifest themselves in different ways.
list	список, перечислять	I always have my to-do list with me.
Muslim	мусульманин, мусульманский	Not all Muslims are terrorists.
savage	дикарь, дикий (в т. ч. перен.)	Don't judge by his appearance. He is not a savage.
treaty	договор (между гос-вами)	We believe it is a discriminatory treaty.
seed	семя, сеять	Take these seeds and plant them with care.
recreation	отдых и развлечения	Aqua Magic recreation park is right on the coast.
collapse	обрушиться, сложиться	The house we built soon collapsed.
ill	дурной, нехороший	Clara was wearing ill-fitting trousers.
crew	команда, экипаж	During a break, the ISS crew took this picture.
wise	мудрый	This wise old man lives in Pushkar.
like that	так	Put your fingers on your face like that.
camp	лагерь	The Indian camp was set up along a creek.
confirm	подтвердить	Are you ready to confirm that?
headquarters	штаб-квартира	She works as a cleaner at the headquarters.
burst	взрыв, всплеск и т. д.	It was like a red burst of energy coming up.
earth	Земля	The Earth looks better from space.
fulfil	исполнить	A good king always fulfills his promise.
cash	наличка, обналичить	What do we do with all this cash?
dedicate	посвящать	I dreamt that he dedicated a song to me.
sick	больной, плохо чувствующий	This food made him sick.
alarm	тревога, сигнализация	The fire alarm was ignored.
kid	ребёнок	As a kid, I dreamed of becoming a rockstar.
tall	высокий (чел)	That tall guy is our new cook.
border	граница, край	Every day Mexicans try to cross the border.
peer	вглядываться	Andrew was peering into the machine.
bishop	епископ	Shut up and listen to the bishop.
string	струна, тетива, бечева	We need some string for the kite.
allowance	выплата, пособие	I still get a little allowance from my parents.
enterprise	предприятие, предпринимательство	The enterprise was doomed to failure.
dusk	смеркаться	Only outlines of the city were seen at dusk.
alarm	тревога, сигнализация	The fire alarm was ignored.
kid	ребёнок	As a kid, I dreamed of becoming a rockstar.
tall	высокий (чел)	That tall guy is our new cook.
border	граница, край	Every day Mexicans try to cross the border.
peer	вглядываться	Andrew was peering into the machine.
bishop	епископ	Shut up and listen to the bishop.
string	струна, тетива, бечева	We need some string for the kite.
allowance	выплата, пособие	I still get a little allowance from my parents.
enterprise	предприятие, предпринимательство	The enterprise was doomed to failure.
dusk	смеркаться	Only outlines of the city were seen at dusk.
stand for	выступать за	We stand for animal rights.
neat	аккуратный, опрятный	It was a neat room with green walls.
do away with	покончить, избавиться	And now I'm going to do away with you.
mortal	смертельный, смертный	I was ordered to venture into the mortal world.
kick back	расслабиться	Take a day off and kick back.
hip	таз, поясница	Measure your hip circumference.
vessel	сосуд	Amphora is a vessel with two handles for wine.
execute	исполнить	He executed the maneuver without a hitch.
deer (pl:deer)	олень	Deer are not afraid of a camera.
tune	настраивать	Wait while I tune the guitar.
bank	берег (реки, озера)	The bank of the Hippie Hole is stony.
appropriate	подходящий, присущий	Wear a hat appropriate for the occasion.
free up	высвободить	I had to free up some space in my room.
integrity	целостность	Check the integrity of the flange.
peel	кожура, очищать	I've never slipped on a banana peel.
passion	страсть	She sings with soul and passion.
cover	накрывать, покрывать	And the ground was covered with fallen leaves.
decorate	украшать	My balcony is decorated with flags.
relate	относиться, быть связанным	Look how the elements relate to each other.
choice	выбор	It was quite a difficult choice to make.
simulate	моделировать, имитировать	Phil simulated a crazed husband.
see through	довести до конца	Have the determination to see the job through.
look	выглядеть	Do I look like a ninja?
put off	отвратить, отвлечь и т. д.	Almost drowning put her off swimming.
pray	молиться	I prayed to Krishna, and my prayer worked.
particle	частица	Its particles are visible microscopically.
questionnaire	анкета	Go and fill in the questionnaire first.
population	население	London's population is set to hit 9 million.
chest	сундук	I wish I had never opened that chest.
pie	пирог	One piece of pie wouldn't hurt you much.
artificial	искусственный	This artificial arm could grip things.
ordinary	обычный	She turned him into an ordinary grey rat.
mistake	ошибка	It was the biggest mistake of my life.
hall	зал, вестибюль	The hall is ready, the organ is tuned.
be in	участвовать	We are all in!
experience	опыт	Yes, we have some military experience.
hire	нанимать	Сongratulations, you're hired.
available	доступный, в наличии	Do you have any rooms available for tonight?
schedule	график, расписание	There is no time for you in my schedule.
survive	выжить	The world collapsed. Will Smith survived.
whole	весь, целый	The whole field was sown with poppy.
name after	назвать в честь	Moore Park was named after the Mayor of Sydney.
framework	каркас, основа, рамки	So far, only the framework is ready.
rich	богатый	The Mansar lake is rich in fish.
debate	обсуждать, спорить	I don't want to debate political issues.
layer	слой	I have never cooked a layer cake before.
cheer	аплодировать, радостно встречать	They cheered him as if he were a rock star.
affect	воздействовать	Solar flares affect our central nervous system.
swear	ругаться	She swears like a tinker.
propose	предлагать	Think twice before proposing marriage.
literary	литературный, книжный	My literary career didn't start out well.
proceed	следовать, продолжать	We proceeded through a plain covered with plants.
salt	соль	Wanna buy some sea salt?
prevent	предотвращать	A hydrosnake helps to prevent flooding.
entire	весь, целый	Coral reefs surround the entire island.
cross out	вычеркнуть	One more day has gone. Cross it out.
manufacture	производить, производство	Those penguins are manufactured in Sri Lanka.
by heart	наизусть	I'll never be able to tell it by heart.
underlie	лежать в основе	A limestone rock underlies the plateau.
pill	пилюля	No pill will give you immortality.
turn	очередь, смена	Get up, it's my turn.
voluntary	добровольный	Our decision was voluntary.
be into	любить, увлекаться	Lisa is into Pokemon collecting.
back then	тогда	It was a completely different place back then.
lie (lay, lain)	лежать	Ann was lying on the rails and laughing.
screw	винт, ввинчивать	Screw two more screws on each side.
jacket	куртка, пиджак	I'm not gonna stain my Mammut Keiko jacket.
commercial	реклама (на ТВ)	A TV commercial told me not to miss it.
diverse	разнообразный	India is a diverse country.
imply	подразумевать	Hierarchy implies inequality.
wonder	хотеть знать	I wonder what is over there. Look.
account	отчёт	I gave him a full account of the present situation.
muscle	мышца	I'll never have muscles like his. I'm too lazy.
revive	возрождать, оживлять	They keep reviving traditional folk music.
overlook	не заметить	The poor girl overlooked the threat.
evaluate	дать оценку	Please evaluate the taste of our new snacks.
wrist	запястье	She tries to conceal the scar on her wrist.
complete	завершить, выполнить	The work was almost completed in one day.
aim	цель	Our aim is to get there as soon as possible.
correlate	соотносить	Of course, we need to correlate it with other data.
since	с (какого-то времени)	The shop has been working since 1880.
civil	гражданский	The US Civil War lasted from 1861 to 1865.
gift	подарок	What a nice gift! Thanks a lot.
attribute	приписывать, относить	This still life is attributed to Caravaggio.
recipe	рецепт	It's a recipe from a very old cookbook.
rebel	восставать	It is natural to rebel against injustice.
bear (bore, born)	рожать	The cat bore three kittens. Do you need one?
advice	совет (неисчисл!)	My advice is never to listen to advice.
admire	восхищаться	They admired its form and smoothness.
render	воздавать, оказывать	We render funeral services for dogs.
select	выбирать, отбирать	She selected me to do this dirty job.
stock	запас	I always have a good stock of nuts on hand.
amount	количество (неисчисл.)	Scrub the fish with a good amount of salt.
nail	ноготь	No, I'm afraid to damage my nails.
either	любой из двух	Recognize either of these guys?
harvest	урожай, собирать урожай	Sleeping in the harvest time is shameful.
access	доступ	Access to the room is via card key only.
frame	рамка, каркас и т.п.	Why is the frame empty? What is the log for?
priest	жрец, священник	This priest can perform exorcisms.
fuel	топливо, заправлять	We fueled up and kept heading towards Glasgow.
temporary	временный	Walk across the temporary bridge.
custom	обычай, привычка	In Toraja there is a nice burial custom.
relative	относительный	Know the difference between absolute and relative.
skill	умение, искусство и т. д.	She impressed me with her fire-eating skills.
knee	колено	It's important to take care of your knees.
welfare	благополучие	What do you pray for? Financial welfare?
promise	обещать, обещание	I always keep my promises and never lie.
disable	отключить, нейтрализовать	I must disable the bomb before that happens.
tide	волна, поток, прилив	The tide washed the letters away.
rifle	винтовка	Omar M., the mass murderer, used a rifle AR-15.
narrow	узкий	Gosh, how I miss those narrow streets.
repair	ремонт, ремонтировать	They can't yet repair the pump.
achieve	достигать	There is only one strategy to achieve your goal.
dish	блюдо	Be bold, don't be afraid to taste local dishes.
pitch	ставить (напр. палатку)	We pitched a tent and made ourselves at home.
numerous	многочисленные	The park is the home of numerous waterfowl.
load	грузить, груз	Look, he is loading my bag right now.
poke out	высовывать	The snake poked its tongue out, then back in.
glance	взгляд	We can tell it by her quick glance away.
vessel	судно	The vessel is sailing straight to Barbados.
presume	предполагать	We presume that k is greater than zero.
ancient	древний	This ancient city was destroyed by a volcano.
warn	предостерегать	My brother warned me against you.
tissue	бумажная салфетка	Wipe your greasy lips with a tissue.
sue	предъявить иск	I sued him for that, and he sued me back.
come about	произойти	How did it come about that the hippo broke free?
cooperate	сотрудничать	The ability to cooperate is a vehicle of progress.
impress	впечатлить	It wasn't the fireworks that impressed me the most.
purchase	покупка, покупать	Help me sort out my purchases.
trunk	ствол дерева	No, the trunk is too thick to climb.
implicate	указать на причастность	The article implicated him in espionage for China.
shed	сарай, ангар и т.п.	The emerald was stashed in this shed.
age	возраст	Cindy was a redheaded woman of middle age.
install	устанавливать	Install solar panels on your roof.
involve	содержать в себе (процесс)	This job involves diving.
rapid	быстрый	It is a rapid and muddy stream, hard to cross.
please	радовать	It's easy to please a cat.
press	нажимать	Don't press the red button!
scream	кричать, крик, вопль	Once you hear its scream, you'll never forget it.
forehead	лоб	Feel my forehead. It feels like a fever.
implicate	указать на причастность	The article implicated him in espionage for China.
shed	сарай, ангар и т.п.	The emerald was stashed in this shed.
age	возраст	Cindy was a redheaded woman of middle age.
install	устанавливать	Install solar panels on your roof.
involve	содержать в себе (процесс)	This job involves diving.
rapid	быстрый	It is a rapid and muddy stream, hard to cross.
please	радовать	It's easy to please a cat.
press	нажимать	Don't press the red button!
scream	кричать, крик, вопль	Once you hear its scream, you'll never forget it.
forehead	лоб	Feel my forehead. It feels like a fever.
branch	ветвь	I think this tree branch is gonna crack.
legacy	наследие, наследство	This festival is his legacy.
ongoing	происходящий, продолжающий	26 people were arrested in an ongoing operation.
hole	дыра	Don't lie to me. I saw you through a hole.
stock up on	запастись	Stock up on food for hard times.
kick	пинать	I hurt my leg when I kicked him.
precise	точный	The atomic clock provides the most precise time.
disorder	беспорядок	It's a city where anarchy and disorder reign.
blow over	пройти, утихнуть	This scandal won't blow over so easily.
adult	взрослый	Being an adult is not as fun as it seemed.
heel	каблук, пятка	Somebody caught me by the heel.
close in on	приближаться	Please don't close in on me!
counter	стойка, прилавок	I didn't know who the man at the counter was.
jet	струя	I stood under a thick jet of cold water.
cost (cost, cost)	стоить, стоимость	A ticket costs 5 euros in the machine.
order	порядок, упорядочивать	Keep your stuff in order.
background	фон	A black background always looks OK.
sink (sank, sunk)	тонуть, топить	We're sinking. Goodbye, my wife and children!
pad	панель, клавиатура	Be careful, cover the pad with your hand.
clip	зажим, зажимать	I need one more binder clip. Or maybe two.
row	грести	I swear I rowed ten miles yesterday.
expand	расширять, распространять	The desert expands every year.
chain	цепь	The tire is flat, the chain needs replacing.
ambassador	посол	A French ambassador often wore Ottoman dress.
go for	быть проданным за	This very house went for $102 million — in cash.
imagine	вообразить	Imagine that you are in a warm tropical place.
ghost	привидение	What do you think: am I a good ghost?
mild	мягкий	I prefer countries with milder climates.
hunger	голод	Hunger makes me eat this shit.
check on	проверить, что всё норм	I had to check on my grandma.
headline	заголовок	A good headline is half work done.
folk	люди, народ	The old folk tell stories about this place.
agreement	соглашение, договор	The agreement is signed, the deal is done.
team	команда, бригада	Play like a team, win like a team.
slave	раб	There are bad slaves as well as good slaves.
giant	гигантский	It's just behind the giant crab sculpture.
motion	движение	In one motion he grabbed out the gun and shot.
offence	обида	No. I'm not taking offence. Why should I?
bin	ящик, ведро, ларь	The bomb was found in a rubbish bin.
bother	беспокоить	Please don't bother us with your calls again.
seal	печать, запечатывать	The photograph came in a sealed envelope.
no matter	неважно	No matter what you say, I don't believe you.
downtown	в центре города	She worked in a small shop downtown.
seem	казаться	You seem young and inexperienced.
shout	кричать	'Uaaaa!' shouted the seal.
emergency	чрезвычайная ситуация	A flash of an emergency light lit the interior.
mall	торговый центр	The mall is the best place to spend much money.
lean against	опереться, прислонить	She leaned against the bench and looked at Tom.
carbon	углерод, уголь, графит	Anthracite is almost pure carbon.
adopt	усыновить или взять (животное)	Sgt. Williams was allowed to adopt the dog.
faith	вера	Keep walking, keep your faith.
vary	меняться, разниться	Crime rates vary from state to state.
plug	штепсель, включать	The American plug doesn't fit the European socket.
gross	грубый (во всех смыслах)	The reason is a gross design error.
disease	болезнь	Cats are subject to many diseases.
chair	стул	They have a fine set of chairs with carved backs.
extra	дополнительный	An extra spoon of sugar can make it taste ok.
belief	убеждение, вера	There is a local belief that this tree has a spirit.
desert	пустыня	Welcome to the desert, my friend.
audience	аудитория (люди)	The audience was puzzled.
bear (bore, born)	нести, втч перен.	My horse can easily bear two.
come into	унаследовать	After you die, I'll come into a bit of money.
request	запрос, запрашивать	The client sends a request, the server responds.
present	присутствующий, в наличии	Only four boys were present in the classroom.
absent	отсутствующий	At last I found the absent piece of the puzzle.
stand for	обозначать (в сокращении)	OMG stands for Oh My God!
steep	крутой	You can't climb down these steep rocks.
lip	губа	She licked her lips and said 'Nope'.
fall out	ссориться	We fell out because of a cheeseburger.
hangover	похмелье	How do you deal with a hangover?
permanent	постоянный	I'm not looking for a permanent relationship.
letter	письмо	Do you know what the letter said?
stay	остановиться пожить	We were staying in a motel-type place.
quit (quit, quit)	бросить, покинуть, перестать	I quit my job and don't regret it.
savings	сбережения	These are all my savings, sir.
set smb up	подставить	It was not me, they set me up!
negotiate	вести переговоры	The leaders negotiated on post-war Europe.
corrupt	развращать, разлагать	Power does not corrupt; it reveals.
reward	награда, награждать	Don't forget to reward the dog.
sane	здравый, вменяемый	Do you think these guys are sane?
die down	утихнуть	At sunset the wind died down.
make of	извлечь, получить	No matter where you go, make the most of the trip.
haul	тащить, тянуть, буксировать	It can also haul logs.
stairs	ступеньки, лестница	Ian met me on the stairs and said 'Hi'.
virtue	достоинство, добродетель	Chastity is not a virtue.
bore	надоедать	This kind of conversation bores me to death.
nuts	чокнутый	Our taxi driver was nuts.
host	хозяин, быть хозяином	He often hosted lavish parties at his house.
cast (cast, cast)	отливать	It was cast in Germany a millennium ago.
try on	примерить	I tried them on. They were a bit too big.
concept	понятие, идея	Monkeys have no concept of responsibility.
abuse	насилие, домогательство	I didn't know what to do in case of sexual abuse.
reduce	снижать	Look. The taxes will be reduced gradually.
tend	иметь склонность	Benjamin tends to talk too much.
smell	запах, пахнуть, нюхать	It smells like red wine. Where did you get it?
pet	домашний питомец	My pets never tire of this game.
stand against	противостоять	Firefighters are standing against the police.
terror	ужас	Terror seized me and I awoke.
habitat	среда, место обитания	This coral reef is a rich habitat for sea life.
receive	получить	I received something very unusual from them.
prove	доказывать	You can't even prove the Pythagorean Theorem.
introduce	представить, познакомить	Dr. Parker introduced me to his cousin.
defend	защитить	Believe me, I can defend myself.
stretch	тянуть, вытягивать	Stretching is beneficial for everyone.
back up	поддержать, прикрыть	Go ahead, I'll back you up.
tough	жёсткий, крепкий, тяжёлый	It was the toughest steak I've ever eaten.
doorway	дверной проем	He went through that doorway. Follow him.
thin	тонкий, худой	I don't know. Ask that thin guy.
order	заказ, заказывать	Your order will be ready in about 20 minutes.
on foot	пешком	I had nothing to do but walk on foot.
abroad	за границу	I've been abroad only twice so far.
secure	безопасный, надёжный	This is the most secure door in the world.
entitle	давать право (по заслугам)	This work entitled him to the Nobel Prize.
floor	этаж	We lived on the second floor of a 4-storey house.
surprise	удивлять, удивление	My cat looked surprised to see me up so early.
sex	пол	Students of different sex used to study separately.
get about	передвигаться (на чём-то)	We use self-made carts to get about the city.
exchange	обмен	He got a crayfish in exchange for a piece of cloth.
leather	кожаный, кожа	He carries it in his leather bag wherever he goes.
basement	подвал	It was found in this ancient basement.
instance	пример, случай	This story is an instance of a split personality.
sheep (pl:sheep)	овца	It's a special breed of sheep.
sufficient	достаточный	We have a sufficient amount of dynamite.
vulnerable	уязвимый, чувствительный	Vampires are vulnerable to sunlight.
solution	решение, ответ	Even a child can find a solution for it.
sail	парус, плыть (о судне)	I've sailed across the Gulf of Mexico four times.
change	сдача, мелочь	I had no money left, just a handful of change.
stick (stuck, stuck)	приклеить	A bindi is stuck on the forehead.
keep off	избегать, не трогать	Please keep off the grass.
require	требовать	The game of chess requires concentration.
invent	изобретать	Hiram Maxim invented his machine gun in 1883.
happen	случиться, происходить	What's happening in this town?
primary	первичный, главный	The aircraft carrier is our primary target to hit.
yard	двор	On Halloween I put a dummy body in my yard.
direct	направлять	A traffic officer directed us off the highway.
inflate	надувать	First they inflate it with hot air.
moron	дебил	Well, what are you morons waiting for?
fare	плата за проезд	The bus fare is two dollars one way.
virtual	действительный, фактический	In the 1930s, he became a virtual dictator.
erect	воздвигнуть, соорудить	A huge Nandikesh is erected beside the temple.
about	примерно	The height of that rock is about 220 feet.
farm	ферма	Presently, there are 23 sheep on the farm.
situate	располагать	My island is situated over here.
sentiment	настроение, чувство	I didn't share these anti-war sentiments.
prevail	преобладать, возобладать	Granite rocks prevail all over the area.
glow	сияние, свечение	The sunset glow faded into darkness.
stage	стадия, ступень	The next stage after feudalism is capitalism.
accurate	точный	Tomas is accurate and prompt.
drop	падать, ронять	Pilots dropped bombs by hand back then.
fertile	плодородный	The soil is so fertile that a stick will grow.
indicate	указывать, означать	The swishing of the tail indicates annoyance.
elect	избирать	Every few years they elect the president.
evidence	доказательство (неисчисл.)	There were some pieces of evidence on the spot.
be over	закончиться	The paper is over. What a shitty day.
legitimate	законный, обоснованный	I understand it all wasn't legitimate enough.
regular	обычный	Nothing special, just a regular angel.
at once	сразу	This cat can eat the whole fish at once.
cheat on	изменять	If he only knew that I cheat on him.
excess	избыток, чрезмерный	The excess water is discharged through the spillways.
define	определять	The dictionary defines more than 30,000 terms.
mud	грязь	It spattered us with warm sandy mud.
separate	отдельный, отделять	No, we need a room with two separate beds.
loose	свободный, болтающийся	Leave the knot loose for the time being
resist	сопротивляться	We could hardly resist the current.
pot	горшок, кастрюля	Let's buy a pot. I need a pot.
cancer	рак (болезнь)	Cancer cells are not all alike.
empty	пустой, опустошать	The beer is over, the glasses are empty.
sleep around	трахаться, блудить	She always sleeps around like crazy.
apartment	квартира	Renting an apartment is much cheaper.
trunk	чемодан, сундук	'Granddad's trunk!' Mel exclaimed.
confess	признаваться	He confessed that he was linked to ISIS.
hat	шляпа	These hats are best against the heat.
pole	шест, столб	My name is Rafaela, I'm a pole dancer.
look for	искать	Everybody looked for gold.
physician	врач	My physician didn't care.
influence	влиять, влияние	Our behavior is influenced by many factors.
punch	удар (кулаком), бить	The next punch broke his nose.
praise	хвалить, похвала	My father seldom praised me.
introduce	ввести (в употребление)	St. Patrick introduced Christianity into Ireland.
blank	пустой, чистый	Pin a blank sheet and have a pen on hand.
heritage	наследие	I'm not interested in their cultural heritage.
get over	пережить, принять	I still just can't get over the whole thing!
light up	осветить или загореться	The sunrise lit up the Arizona desert.
serve	подавать (блюдо)	The breakfast was served on the outside terrace.
data	данные	All your personal data is stored forever.
reluctant	неохотный, нежелающий	He is always reluctant to cross streets.
pin	булавка, штырь, прикалывать	Give me a pin. The green one.
claim	утверждать, претендовать	He also claimed to be an incarnation of Shiva.
for the sake of	ради	For the sake of God, put it down.
prosper	процветать, преуспевать	My business prospers and grows.
heritage	наследие	I'm not interested in their cultural heritage.
get over	пережить, принять	I still just can't get over the whole thing!
light up	осветить или загореться	The sunrise lit up the Arizona desert.
serve	подавать (блюдо)	The breakfast was served on the outside terrace.
data	данные	All your personal data is stored forever.
reluctant	неохотный, нежелающий	He is always reluctant to cross streets.
pin	булавка, штырь, прикалывать	Give me a pin. The green one.
claim	утверждать, претендовать	He also claimed to be an incarnation of Shiva.
for the sake of	ради	For the sake of God, put it down.
prosper	процветать, преуспевать	My business prospers and grows.
rotate	вращать	See that rotating contraption over there?
tape	лента, записывать на ленту	The old tapes need digitizing.
shirt	рубашка	I need a plaid shirt, or maybe two.
turkey	индейка, индюк	Turkeys are the most stupid birds there are.
leak	утечка, просачиваться, протекать	It took us an hour to eliminate the leak.
butter	масло сливочное	Betty Botter bought some butter. (с)
horizon	горизонт, кругозор	It's over there on the horizon.
level	уровень	The Cabinet of Reading contains 3 levels.
roof	крыша	The cat on the roof is not just a cat.
found	основать, учредить	The city was founded on swamp land.
at odds with	в противоречии, в конфликте	I feel a little at odds with myself.
distract	отвлекать	Don't get distracted while driving.
determined	решителен	Frodo and Sam were determined to do their best.
iron	утюг, гладить	Iron them before using.
bowl	миска	Listen to the healing sound of this singing bowl.
accident	происшествие, напр. ДТП	I doubt he survived this horrible accident.
department	отдел	The department needed is behind one of the doors.
desert	бросать, оставлять	I joined them for a party in a deserted house.
search	поиски, искать	The search continued for 5 days with no clues found.
pants	штаны	These Japanese pants are roomy and stylish.
network	сеть	The brain is a network of extraordinary complexity.
tip	совет, рекомендация	These are tips for instructional design.
pit	яма	Nothing was found in the pit.
run away	убежать	I ran away from home and hiked all summer long.
pair	пара	Nothing much, just a pair of boots.
ignorant	невежественный	These people are poor and ignorant.
scholarship (money)	стипендия	My scholarship is not enough for a decent gift.
plot	сюжет	Let me tell you the plot of my new novel.
foster	способствовать, питать и т.д.	Watering fosters the growth of cabbage.
leap	прыгать, прыжок	A grizzly bear can catch a leaping salmon.
silent	тихий, молчаливый	Silent Hill is not so silent.
tower	башня, возвышаться	The Belfry towers above the central square.
bush	куст	There, under the whin bushes, is a big hole.
snap	щёлкать, щелчок	He can start a fire by snapping his fingers.
race	гонка	The elephant race fest is held in Don village.
quite	вполне или более-менее	She looked like quite a lady.
part	часть, разделять(ся)	The Roman Empire occupied part of Africa as well.
slope	склон, наклон	Slow down, there is a pothole behind the slope.
threat	угроза	Poaching is the most serious threat to lions.
laughter	смех	I heard the nasty laughter of Mr. Cobb.
asset	актив, имущество	Silver bars are good investment assets.
pour in (into)	хлынуть, заполонить	A crowd poured into the mall during the Sale.
heaven	небеса	All dogs go to heaven.
rival	соперничающий, враждебный	Two rival tribes united against the third one.
refuge	убежище, пристанище	At length, he found refuge deep in the forest.
neglect	пренебрегать, не следить	The number of neglected children doubled.
right away	немедленно	You have to get out of here right away.
plant	завод, производство	Here is a modern nuclear power plant.
burn	жечь	Let's burn something else.
salary	зарплата	Here's your salary. You haven't earned more.
be on fire	гореть	The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire!
point	острие, кончик	Bushman hunters poison their arrow points.
chill	холод, охлаждать	Huskies don't care about winter chill.
jet	реактивный двигатель/самолёт	The jet went down soon after take-off.
convey	перевозить, передавать	The boat conveys passengers along the river.
basket	корзина	We will need the biggest basket.
sign	подпись, подписывать	Don was kind enough to sign his book for me.
rage	ярость	The rage is burning me from the inside.
gas	бензин	My grandad had a gas station in Ohio.
bring in	привлечь	We brought in a new contractor to finish up.
attorney	адвокат, прокурор, поверенный	I'm Jim Garrison, the District Attorney of New Orleans.
exact	точный	Five minutes. Five and a half, to be exact.
overall	общий, целый	Thus, the overall system tends to collapse.
powerful	мощный, действенный	This is a tranquilizer more powerful than morphine.
question	подвергать сомнению	You just questioned your own sanity.
row	ряд	35th street is a colorful row of houses.
chat	болтать	I stopped to chat with her.
assault	нападение, нападать	I did not take part in assaulting the police car.
blade	лезвие	Its blade is made of Damascus steel.
mold (mould)	форма, формировать	This mould was used to cast bronze gears.
common	обычный, распространённый	Bob was a common American guy.
creepy	жуткий	My sister collects creepy pictures.
oblige	обязывать	In fact, the contract doesn't oblige me to pay.
degree	градус	It was 50 degrees below zero outside.
potato	картофель	Somebody steals potatoes from my field.
pocket	карман, карманный	The second key is in my pocket.
touch	касаться, прикосновение	Sound can be transmitted through touch.
go out	погаснуть	The lanterns went out. The street is empty.
bar	загораживать	The road is barred. Our plan has failed.
put on	провести (мероприятие)	They put on the carnival every year.
allow	разрешать	Dad, allow me to set the straw on fire.
deploy	развёртывать	Hungarians deployed the troops first.
vast	просторный, простор	Perhaps one percent of this vast prairie remains.
throw (threw, thrown)	бросать	These guys are good at spear throwing.
get together	собираться	Witches get together every full moon for a party.
awful	ужасный	You look awful when you do that.
testimony	показание, свидетельство	We couldn't refute their testimonies.
bubble	пузырь	Learn to blow big bubbles.
skate	конёк, кататься на коньках	Kevin taught me to skate.
limb	конечность	Now all my limbs hurt.
fault	вина, ошибка	It's my fault, don't punish me too hard.
predict	предсказывать	Vanga predicted the end of Europe in 2016.
exercise	упражнение, тренироваться	I still don't like this exercise.
fine	хороший	I met an old man who sold fine souvenirs.
confine	ограничить (ся)	Let's confine ourselves to this area.
shelf (pl: shelves)	полка, уступ	Yes, you should put him back on the shelf.
forgive (forgave, forgiven)	простить	I don't know if I will ever forgive you.
literal	буквальный	The literal meaning of contradict is 'say against'.
block	квартал	The block was already almost empty of people.
send (sent, sent)	отправить	I needed to send a couple of postcards.
shield	щит, прикрывать	Check the shields before the battle.
advertise	рекламировать	Sean Connery advertised Jim Beam whiskey in 60-s.
come along	идти вместе	The water is great. Come along with me!
encounter	встретиться, столкнуться	We encountered just two tired-looking dogs.
volume	объём	Calculate the volume of the sphere.
shrink (shrank, shrunk)	сжаться, съёжиться	The universe will shrink until it collapses.
opposite	противоположный	It's just on the opposite bank.
property	собственность	Frogmore House is the property of the royal family.
wind (wound, wound)	наматывать, виться, петлять	I'm on the top floor, right next to the winding stairs.
charge	плата	The 20$ delivery charge is crazy.
award	награда, премия, присуждать	Do you think he deserves this award?
holy	святой, священный	It's a holy place for all buddhists.
end up	заканчивать чем-либо	Sir, you will end up in prison. Control yourself.
blow (blew blown)	удар	The blow was almost fatal.
drill	сверло, сверлить	We have to drill six more holes.
skirt	юбка	I stained my skirt while posing.
stock	акции	Stocks fell; panic seized the investors.
goal	цель	The Argonauts' goal was to obtain the golden fleece.
hit (hit, hit)	попасть, достичь	Look. I'll hit him in the eye.
rely	полагаться	Relax, rely on my experience.
award	награда, премия, присуждать	Do you think he deserves this award?
holy	святой, священный	It's a holy place for all buddhists.
end up	заканчивать чем-либо	Sir, you will end up in prison. Control yourself.
blow (blew blown)	удар	The blow was almost fatal.
drill	сверло, сверлить	We have to drill six more holes.
skirt	юбка	I stained my skirt while posing.
stock	акции	Stocks fell; panic seized the investors.
goal	цель	The Argonauts' goal was to obtain the golden fleece.
hit (hit, hit)	попасть, достичь	Look. I'll hit him in the eye.
rely	полагаться	Relax, rely on my experience.
go through	просмотреть, перебрать	Dean is going through every single pipe.
mind	возражать	Do you mind my smoking?
substance	вещество, материя	Sell me some of this substance.
drop	капля	Do you see the world reflected in a drop of dew?
turn out	оказаться	The insects turned out better than I expected.
feedback	обратная связь	Please send us feedback about any mistakes.
consider	считать чем-либо	I consider him the weakest link in the team.
shake (shook, shaken)	трясти	The dog came to me and shook its wet fur.
neither...nor	ни	I have neither a boyfriend nor a cat.
turn on	заводить, возбуждать	And I love his voice…his voice turns me on.
scale	масштаб, шкала	The scale is 1:500000, so it's around 12 miles.
care	переживать, интересоваться	The sail is tattered, but I don't care.
faint	обморок, падать в обморок	She faints every time she hears this word.
almost	почти	My tank was almost empty by the end of the trip.
donate	жертвовать, скидываться	I donated 5 euros, and you didn't.
approximate	приблизительный	We can only know the approximate time.
step down	уйти в отставку	I'm tired. I'm stepping down.
come true	сбываться	Dreams come true. But not yours.
comparison	сравнение	This is a height comparison of notable statues.
anchor	якорь, закреплять	Let's drop the anchor and stay awhile
powder	порошок	Moringa powder is gaining popularity.
advocate	защищать, отстаивать	She advocates the rights of Native Americans.
iron	железо, железный	This sword is forged from meteoric iron.
conventional	стандартный, общепринятый	Its conventional size is 297x210 mm.
sneak	красться	The cat sneaked up on it from behind.
faculty	дар, способность	Children possess an inborn faculty of a language.
set (set, set)	установить, наладить	Can you set a cuckoo clock?
refugee	беженец	The more refugees, the more crime.
elevate	поднимать, повышать	Please elevate us a bit more.
terrible	ужасный	He was wearing a terrible mask and fur.
infantry	пехота	It was Puerto Rico's 65th Infantry Regiment.
kitten	котенок	Toti is a tentative but playful kitten.
hassle	трудность, неудобство	It was a hassle to find such a hat.
petroleum	нефть	Petroleum will run out by 2040.
curb	узда, обуздать, сдержать	Curb your horse boy, calm him down.
bullshit	ерунда, чушь	At least ninety percent of that story is bullshit.
recite	декламировать, рассказывать	Then he recited a poem by Rabindranath Tagore.
wane	убывать	Do it by the riverside on the waning moon.
gala	праздник, торжество	The gala dinner starts at seven.
boast	хвастать, хвастовство	What accomplishments can you boast of?
interior	внутренность, внутренний	It was located in the interior of the fortress.
exterior	внешний, внешняя сторона	The exterior is adorned with bas-reliefes.
footage	запись, кадры видео	The footage was found in his attic 15 years later.
fumble	щупать, лапать, мять и т. д.	She fumbled in her pocket for the ticket.
tomb	надгробие, склеп	We had no time left to see the Humayun's Tomb.
oxygen	кислород	Have you refilled the oxygen cylinder?
dwell on	остановиться (подробно)	Let's dwell on this one for a moment.
newcomer	новичок	We have a newcomer in our class.
outfit	наряд, комплект, набор	It's a traditional Vietnam woman's outfit.
mosquito	комар	There are too many mosquitoes in your place.
come with	прилагаться	Breakfast comes with the room and is amazing.
porcelain	фарфор	They sent me a porcelain teapot with an elk picture.
feasible	выполнимый, осуществимый	A mission to Mars will be feasible within your lifetime.
merchant	торговец, купец	Many are suspicious of Yasuki merchants.
shack	лачуга, хибара, будка	There are a lot of roadside tea shacks in the area.
murky	мутный, тёмный	'This is a very murky story,' he said.
sour	кислый	I don't eat sour things anymore.
soak	мочить, пропитывать	Soak the seaweed in cold water for about a day.
illicit	незаконный, запрещённый	Most of them are engaged in illicit activity.
discrepancy	несоответствие, расхождение	I discovered a significant discrepancy, sir.
humid	влажный	It gets hot there in the summers, humid.
grief	горе	She never talked about her grief.
likewise	также	Pedro likewise sat on the bench.
vicious	злобный, жестокий	A vicious vampire terrorizes the village.
flop	провал, неудача	Her first performance was a flop.
recollection	воспоминание	I have few recollections of him.
cling (clung, clung)	цепляться	The cat clung to the tree and cried like crazy.
intricate	сложный, запутанный	Intricate circuits are executed on printed boards.
jumble	перемешивать	Make up a sentence from the jumbled words.
turn down	отказаться от предложения	Oliver decisively turned down my help.
edible	съедобный	All mushrooms are edible, but some only once.
slit	щель	We should land here and pass through the slit.
conjunction	соединение, связь	These two reports should be read in conjunction.
film	снимать кино	Most Spaghetti Westerns were filmed in Spain.
gossip	слухи	She often spreads gossip about me.
delusion	наваждение, заблуждение	We all are liable to the same delusions.
destiny	судьба, предназначение	I don't believe in destiny.
inventory	опись, учёт	This book was never listed in the inventory.
liver	печень	How do I know if my liver is OK?
set smb back	обойтись в (сумму)	Our wedding set us back €2500.
prevent smb from	мешать	The mesh will prevent mosquitoes from entering.
hover	зависнуть, парить	The helicopter hovered just above us.
cereal	злак, каша, хлопья	Frank, that cereal is for children.
meager	скудный, недостаточный	The harvest is meager, we're gonna starve.
squeal	визг, визжать	The pig squealed and tried to run away.
distort	искажать	The reflection is distorted but beautiful
foresee	предвидеть	I foresee unforeseen circumstances.
firefighter	пожарник	The firefighters arrived too late.
scorn	презирать, презрение	My offer was met with some scorn.
be keen to	желать, стремиться	I was keen to know what would happen next.
deceased	покойный, усопший	The body of the deceased was held in the morgue.
wax	воск	A bee's honeycomb is made of wax.
diffuse	рассеивать, распылять	The molecules eventually diffuse evenly.
wag	махать, вилять	He wagged his tail, inviting me to play.
offspring	отпрыск или всё потомство	Their offspring are likely to pick up this habit too.
pearl	жемчуг, жемчужина	How do I distinguish the real pearl from the fake one?
stink (stank, stunk)	вонять	It stinks, throw it away.
desolate	пустынный, безлюдный	I was the only one in this desolate place.
civic	гражданский	We got support from church and civic leaders.
scrape	скрести	Scrape the old paint from the wall before painting.
oversee	контролировать, надзирать	Charles oversees the underwater work.
cubicle	отсек, кабинка	The green cubicle is free.
negligent	небрежный, халатный	The negligent cook burned my fish.
bleak	мрачный	The outlook remains bleak.
lord	господин, господь (бог)	Oh lord, give me patience.
hull	корпус, оболочка	The hull is made up of extremely strong steel plates.
scarf	шарф	A jumper and scarf will work for your tour of Russia.
demise	кончина, конец	What happened after Guinevere's demise?
stringent	строгий	The garbage disposal regulations are very stringent.
breadth	ширина, широта	The breadth of your vision is limited.
mock	издеваться, насмехаться	Whom do they mock?
pledge	залог, оставлять в залог	Here, take my passport as a pledge.
disciple	ученик, последователь	You have much to learn, my disciple.
coherent	согласованный, связный	His job is to make them play coherently.
ravage	разорить, сильно повредить	It's the least ravaged neighborhood in the city.
come on	включаться	It was that hour when the street lamps came on.
squirm	извиваться, ёрзать	Jasper squirmed in the new pet carrier.
specify	указать, установить, уточнить	Specify the time of the meeting.
cherish	лелеять, хранить	I will cherish these memories all my life long.
velocity	быстрота перемещения	The velocity of the comet is 20,000 km/hr.
vegetation	растительность	Its ruins are buried under abundant vegetation.
thump	колотить	They had been thumping their drums all along.
retrieve	извлечь, вернуть	Retrieve the bird carefully.
beep	гудок, гудеть, пищать	Wait, the machine has to beep.
point	пункт	My plan consists of three points.
overt	явный, открытый	It's overt discrimination on the basis of age.
lick	лизать	Don't lick metal in the cold.
wrongdoing	проступок, правонарушение	She had no record of any personal wrongdoing.
mob	толпа (неуправляемая)	The black mob surrounded his car.
formidable	внушительный, грозный	Hulk looks the most formidable of them.
vegetation	растительность	Its ruins are buried under abundant vegetation.
thump	колотить	They had been thumping their drums all along.
retrieve	извлечь, вернуть	Retrieve the bird carefully.
beep	гудок, гудеть, пищать	Wait, the machine has to beep.
point	пункт	My plan consists of three points.
overt	явный, открытый	It's overt discrimination on the basis of age.
lick	лизать	Don't lick metal in the cold.
wrongdoing	проступок, правонарушение	She had no record of any personal wrongdoing.
mob	толпа (неуправляемая)	The black mob surrounded his car.
formidable	внушительный, грозный	Hulk looks the most formidable of them.
shrewd	проницательный	She is too shrewd not to see through my lies.
devoid	лишенный	Venus is devoid of water.
grope	щупать, искать вслепую	We still grope in the darkness of our ignorance.
immerse	погружаться (в т. ч. перен)	I was immersed in thoughts of the upcoming meeting.
chemistry	химия	One day I will win a Nobel Prize for chemistry.
piss about	страдать хернёй	What am I doing? Just pissing about.
break (broke, broken)	нарушать	Rules are made to be broken.
bring down	сбрасывать, свергать	Bring down a dictator, then bring down his statue.
come up	приближаться (о событии)	How about the Tuesday coming up?
cage	клетка	It shouldn't be kept in a cage like this.
fortune	счастье, удача, судьба	On Tuesday, Fortune's Wheel turned against me.
apt	склонный, способный	The rich are apt to look down upon the poor.
compulsory	принудительный, обязательный	Primary and secondary education is compulsory in India.
dress up	нарядиться	Lu was dressed up as a bloody elf.
baffled	в неодумении, в тупике	We were completely baffled.
mop	швабра, мыть пол	Go and get a mop and clean it up right now…
chestnut	каштан	Roasted chestnuts are good enough to eat as is.
succession	последовательность, преемственность	Ecological succession is a gradual process.
repeal	отменить (закон)	The law was repealed as discriminatory.
appraise	оценивать	The officials appraised the damage at $25,000.
gulf	разрыв, пропасть	The gulf between us is too great to overcome.
vain	тщеславный, самолюбивый	I didn't know she was so vain.
subscribe	подписываться	Don't subscribe to their newsletter.
proclaim	провозглашать	The independence of Peru was proclaimed in 1821.
let smb down	подвести	My brakes let me down.
wad	комок или пачка (денег)	He produced a wad of crumpled tenners from his pocket.
bring up	поднять тему	It was not me who brought up the subject.
invert	переворачивать, опрокидывать	Someday, somewhere in the inverted world.
compartment	отсек, отделение, купе	The third class, the cheapest compartment.
officer	служащий, должностное лицо	Abdel Perera is a Foreign Service officer.
clasp	застёжка, застёгивать	Now don't forget, the clasp needs fixing.
annoy	раздражать, надоедать	He is like an annoying fly.
intermediate	промежуточный	It's an intermediate link between reptiles and birds.
kit	комплект, набор	Everyone should have a first aid kit.
stout	толстый, плотный, крепкий	He keeps them in a stout pot with a heavy lid.
soap	мыло	You may take a piece of soap if you need.
foliage	листва	The foliage is far too dense for that.
fugitive	беглец	The fugitives reached the border in six days.
undo	расстёгнуть, развязать, открыть	And the belt is undone in the last picture.
skip	прыгать, перепрыгивать	You can skip this chapter and head to the next.
talk into	уговорить	Finally, he talked me into coming with him.
congratulate	поздравлять	Reagan personally congratulated him.
faraway	далёкий	The old sailor often dreamed of that faraway island.
bow out	откланяться, уйти	It's time for me to bow out.
subtract	вычитать	Multiply and divide first, then add and subtract.
clap	хлопать в ладоши	Please, stop clapping.
distress	несчастье, страдание	It was a profound distress to all of us.
headlight	передняя фара	All I saw were the headlights, I thought it was you.
subvert	подорвать	Terrorism subverts the Arab-Israeli peace process.
scant	скудный	The scant vegetation is due to scant rainfall.
thief (pl: thieves)	вор	My friend Bob is a car thief.
yank	дергать	Don't yank a horse's tail like that.
fond of	любящий	I'm fond of strawberries.
flinch	дёрнуться, дрогнуть	The girl flinched and clung to her mother.
bald	лысый, плешивый	He was shaved bald like all the monks.
fountain	фонтан	Can we float closer to the fountains?
vomit	рвота, блевать	Don't vomit, 'cause it'll start a chain reaction.
salesperson	продавец (в магазине)	The salesgirl advised me to get Hawaiian Kona.
swap	менять, обмен	The capitains swapped shirts as a mark of respect.
dissolve	растворять, растворяться	I just dissolved a drop of ink in it.
bluff	блеф	Today's lesson: How to draw out the bluff.
petty	мелкий, мелочный	They are just petty, pathetic people.
snail	улитка	The snail is climbing mount Fuji.
gutter	желоб, сток	There's some stuff in the gutter.
slim	стройный	In this photo she is still slim.
berth	койка, место, полка в поезде	I'm afraid to fall from the upper berth.
prey	добыча	The cock fell prey to his stupidity.
raisin	изюм	Samantha choked on a raisin and died.
casualty	жертва, потери	The casualties are 4 killed and 7 wounded.
cemetery	кладбище	She enjoys walking in cemeteries.
bachelor	бакалавр	A bachelor's degree doesn't guarantee anything.
rude	грубый, неприличный	He is a rude and unpleasant person.
hatch	люк	Make sure to close the hatch tight.
dumb	немой	It's a dialogue between the deaf and the dumb.
boulder	валун	This boulder is known as 'Krishna's Butter Ball'.
massacre	резня	Catherine de Medici instigated the massacre.
akin	похожий	It was a tuza, a rodent akin to the gopher.
grape	виноград (ягода)	Go wash the grapes.
vine	виноград (растение)	Now vines grow on that spot.
frenzy	неистовство, безумие	'Crucify him', the crowd roared in a frenzy.
rumble	грохот, рокот	The rumble of the waterfall had become a roar.
eat out	есть не дома	Every Sunday, they eat out.
scar	шрам	It just left a scar on my neck.
rubble	щебень, обломки	He survived six horrifying days under the rubble.
jolly	веселый	Hoist up the Jolly Roger!
pervert	извращать, извращенец	Maybe my taste is perverted, but I like this movie.
dam	плотина	The dam creates Lake Marathon.
flush	промывать, смывать	Is it difficult to flush after yourself?
assimilate	усваивать	Some people cannot assimilate lactose fully.
convene	созывать, собирать	We will not convene such meetings anymore.
turn up	сделать погромче	It's my favorite song, I'll turn it up!
apart from	помимо	Apart from the elephants, there was a giraffe.
spectacle	зрелище	Corrida is a dubious spectacle.
ray	луч	The last rays of the day fell on the valley.
sock	носок	The socks slip down, and I have to tug them up.
backpack	рюкзак	I can't find it in my backpack. Check yours.
shark	акула	No, thank you, I'm afraid of sharks.
stealth	скрытность, хитрость	This aids them when hunting by stealth.
gravel	гравий	Gravel beaches are present along the shoreline.
broth	бульон, отвар	Bone broth is incredibly easy to make.
clear up	прояснить(ся)	The rain is over, the sky is clearing up.
lodge	домик, поселиться, остановиться	Matt and I lodged in the same house.
puff	дуновение, пых, клубы (дыма)	A puff of colored smoke rose from underground.
redeem	выкупить, искупить	One of these days I'll redeem it from the pawnshop.
shrub	куст	The hedgehog is under the jasmine shrub.
hail	град	Golf-ball-sized hail? I don't buy it.
drizzle	моросить, морось	It was drizzling, and I didn't want to go outside.
caress	ласкать, гладить	Caress me as you did before.
dizzy	головокружительный	It was the dizziest feeling I have ever experienced.
filth	грязь, гадость	Kenny, take away this filth.
buy up	скупить	This guy bought up all the paint in the store.
stoop	крыльцо со ступеньками (амер.)	Catherine met us on her stoop.
forge	ковать	Martin forged it especially for me.
prescribe	предписывать	The physician prescribed a tranquilizer.
attain	достигать	They seldom attain a height of over 15 feet.
quarry	карьер	He saw you at the quarry the night Michael died.
look around	посмотреть, оглядеть	Let's go and look around the old town.
hurl	метать, бросать с силой	After taking two steps, he hurled the boomerang.
resent	огорчаться, возмущаться	She used to resent the way I talked to her.
drop off	завезти, высадить	Drop me off right here at the corner, man.
buy up	скупить	This guy bought up all the paint in the store.
stoop	крыльцо со ступеньками (амер.)	Catherine met us on her stoop.
forge	ковать	Martin forged it especially for me.
prescribe	предписывать	The physician prescribed a tranquilizer.
attain	достигать	They seldom attain a height of over 15 feet.
quarry	карьер	He saw you at the quarry the night Michael died.
look around	посмотреть, оглядеть	Let's go and look around the old town.
hurl	метать, бросать с силой	After taking two steps, he hurled the boomerang.
resent	огорчаться, возмущаться	She used to resent the way I talked to her.
drop off	завезти, высадить	Drop me off right here at the corner, man.
stool	табурет	Calm down. Sit down on the stool.
misery	нищета	In Haiti, however, misery deepened.
intrude on	вторгаться, вмешиваться	I won't tolerate you intruding on my family life, sir.
martyr	мученик	St. Sebastian is a martyr who died for his faith.
pillow	подушка	The pillow fight is an annual flashmob.
flap	створка, клапан, хлопать	I made the cat flap myself.
flute	флейта	W.A.Mozart - Concert for flute with orchestra, D-dur.
scissors	ножницы	The scissors are blunt. Do you have other ones?
hog	большой свин, боров	Jack, don't be such a hog.
ward	палата, отделение, камера	We stayed in the same ward.
order	приказ	Then he gave the last orders before the battle.
cut across	пересечь, срезать путь	It wasn't the best idea to cut across the forest.
interrogate	допрашивать	Her boyfriend was interrogated twice.
foil	расстаривать, разрушать	Our barbecue plan was foiled by rain.
soot	сажа	They haven't cleaned the soot off the bas-relief.
snapshot	снимок	I took some snapshots on the move.
aggregate	совокупный	The aggregate area of the islands is 12.200 sq. km.
loop	петля	Take a rope, make a loop.
paw	лапа	Now, give me the paw. Good girl.
fit in with	вписаться (в коллектив)	I'm good at fitting in with a new group.
hand in	сдать	He had to hand in his gun.
chord	аккорд	The chords are simple, and the lyrics are fun.
zoo	зоопарк	The second ostrich escaped from the zoo.
be after	иметь целью	Who are they? What are they after?
coincidence	совпадение	Coincidence? I don't think so.
youngster	юноша, ребёнок	She believed that the youngster would go far.
come to life	оживать, приходить в себя	After coming to life, Bruce related that wonderful story.
serene	безмятежный, безоблачный	My relationship with my husband has been serene.
crib	раскладушка или дет. кроватка	Now he is sleeping in his own crib.
mammoth	мамонт	We'll clone mammoths and will breed them.
suitcase	чемодан	All of my stuff fits in a single suitcase.
pass up	не воспользоваться шансом	I passed up the invitation. Don't wanna see nobody.
thug	бандит, головорез	He is a thug, but he is our thug.
coffin	гроб	Bury me in a fashionable coffin.
dread	страх, бояться	A feeling of dread was in the air.
pity	жалость	What a pity, what a pity.
drown	тонуть	She drowned on this very day a year ago.
break into (break in)	проникнуть, вломиться	It uses dog doors to break into houses.
census	перепись	The next census was in 1910.
balloon	воздушный шар	What if our balloon catches fire?
exile	ссылка, изгнание	Marius returned from exile and killed them all.
meantime	тем временем	In the meantime, she was smoking.
numb	онемелый, окоченевший	I sat for a while until my legs got numb in the water.
fin	плавник	Guess whose fin it is.
bout	всплеск, приступ	Sometimes I have bouts of activity.
trousers	брюки	At least you've got good trousers.
resilient	стойкий, упругий	Birches are resilient and able to bend to the ground.
mess up	испортить, накосячить	Come on. Don't mess it up!
receipt	квитанция	Mr. Horn never throws away receipts.
pile up	сложить, навалить	The cash was piled up in heaps in the colonel's flat.
detach	отделить, оторвать	Detach a piece of bark from a tree trunk.
rabbit	кролик	There are too many rabbits in Australia.
knob	ручка (круглая)	The knob didn't turn. The door was locked.
hectic	беспокойный, напряжённый	My life is extremely hectic at the moment.
irritate	раздражать	You're starting to irritate me.
inherent	свойственный, присущий	The hunting instinct is inherent in cats.
commodity	товар, сырьё	It's our second most vital commodity.
whiz	ловкач, умелец (в области)	My brother is a whiz at graphic design.
delicious	восхитительный (о еде)	Oh, yeah, the sauce is delicious.
invade	вторгаться	What will you do when aliens invade?
whack	удар, сильно бить	The violent whack stunned the pirate.
harness	запрягать, обуздывать	It enabled us to harness the powers of nature.
eyebrow	бровь	Emmy said nothing, just raised her eyebrow.
perennial	многолетний, вечный	Balm mint is a perennial plant.
skim	скользить (легко)	A lone seagull skimmed over the waves.
dope	наркотик, дурман	I've been on dope for about 15 years now.
herd	стадо, пасти	His father also herded cattle.
piss	писать, моча	He thought of the way dogs piss to mark their territory.
kneel	стать на колени (колено)	She kneeled and stroked the heavy brass gong.
residue	остаток	They feed on the residue of the crop.
queer	странный, чудной	We didn't pay attention to her queer activities.
blaze	полыхать, пламя	The blaze was put out in five minutes.
come through	пережить, перенести	Sometimes I wonder how I came through it.
worm	червь	We got a tin can and dug some worms for fishing.
vest	жилет	The salespeople wear vests and hard hats.
arc	дуга	These rusty arcs spoil the view.
bathe	купаться, купать	We bathe here all year round.
fetus	плод, эмбрион	The fetus is well, the heart rate is normal.
flutter	трепетать, развеваться, порхать	The hummingbird hovered, fluttering.
lousy	паршивый	I always do a lousy job.
haze	дымка, туман	The shapes of the buildings loomed in the morning haze.
dumb	тупой	Which of them is dumb and which is dumber?
temper	характер	She had the most terrible temper.
hump	горб	The camel with two humps is the Bactrian camel.
contract	сокращаться	When muscles contract, heat is released.
integral	составной, неотъемлемый	Buddhism is an integral part of our culture.
volatile	изменчивый, нестабильный	The situation in the market remains volatile.
conspicuous	заметный	Unlike vipers, they have a conspicuous yellow collar.
whirl	вихрь, кружиться	The dancer whirled on.
stuffy	душный	It's stuffy in here, isn't it?
refund	возврат, возмещение	Non-residents are entitled to a tax refund.
preside	председательствовать	Mr. Abdus Salam Azad presided over the meeting.
disperse	рассеиваться	The ghost dispersed into a mist.
crane	подъёмный кран	I wonder if this old crane still functions.
forcible	насильственный	You require forcible treatment.
decisive	решающий, решительный	The question of form is not decisive.
infinite	бесконечный	But what if the universe is really infinite?
wind up	заканчивать	It's time to wind up for today. Thanks for coming.
mole	крот	Moles feed on snails, worms, grubs, slugs, and bugs.
hold back	сдерживать	I couldn't hold back the tears.
take down	записать	I took down all that had happened that day.
shimmer	мерцать, переливаться	You can relax here and look at the shimmering water.
wash up	умыться	After waking I washed up in the river.
hang around	зависать, слоняться	We used to hang around together in our teens.
skinny	тощий	The skinny girl on the right is Amanda.
stomp	топать	Please don't stomp so hard.
magician	волшебник, фокусник	We want a magician for the party.
mushroom	гриб	These mushrooms are my favorite.
comprehend	понять, вникнуть	I'm not sure they comprehend how serious it is.
mistress	госпожа, хозяйка	I just arranged it how my mistress had taught me.
take down	записать	I took down all that had happened that day.
shimmer	мерцать, переливаться	You can relax here and look at the shimmering water.
wash up	умыться	After waking I washed up in the river.
hang around	зависать, слоняться	We used to hang around together in our teens.
skinny	тощий	The skinny girl on the right is Amanda.
stomp	топать	Please don't stomp so hard.
magician	волшебник, фокусник	We want a magician for the party.
mushroom	гриб	These mushrooms are my favorite.
comprehend	понять, вникнуть	I'm not sure they comprehend how serious it is.
mistress	госпожа, хозяйка	I just arranged it how my mistress had taught me.
jerk	дёргать, резкое движение	It jerked its tail, so the photo is blurry.
saucer	блюдце	I was given a divination cup and saucer.
turnover	оборот (экон.)	The overall turnover amounted to $150 million.
provided	при условии	Yes, provided my idea works.
disrupt	нарушить, сорвать	It totally disrupted my schedule.
deviate	отклоняться	The road deviates from its north orientation.
solitary	уединенный	The crowns of solitary trees spread out in all directions.
blunt	тупой, притуплять	You can't stab anyone with a blunt knife.
compassion	сочуствие, сострадание	But she acted not out of mere compassion.
cloak	плащ, мантия, покров	I'm sure you look great in a cloak.
prone	склонный	Drinkers are prone to accidents of all kinds.
bribe	взятка	It is not really a bribe. It's just 300 euros.
verify	проверить	He acted like he was verifying the documents.
repress	подавлять	They are ready to repress any civil activity.
drop by	зайти (по пути)	It's Hemingway's favorite bar. Let's drop by.
dummy	манекен, чучело	Take the dummy to the helicopter.
slum	трущобы	I can't believe he grew up in the slums of Mumbai.
knight	рыцарь	It's just because you are not a knight.
aloud	вслух	It might sound strange if I said it aloud.
underline	подчеркивнуть	The word 'not' was underlined.
cringe	съёживаться	That sound made me cringe.
locker	ящик, шкаф (закрывающийся)	Just put your backpack in the locker.
stagger	шататься, колебаться	Hold on, don't stagger!
sob	рыдать, всхлипывать	Shhh. Can you hear her sobbing?
idle	праздный, бездействующий	I can't sit idle anymore.
cedar	кедр	It was he who planted this beautiful Lebanon cedar.
mow	косить	It's much easier to mow with a scythe in the morning.
subsist	существовать, прокормиться	It's not enough to subsist on.
dual	парный, двоякий	I have a dual 27-inch display.
paperwork	оформление бумаг	I saved you from all that paperwork.
counterfeit	подделка, фальшивый	Peter von Bohr was a great counterfeiter.
eyelid	веко	I put glitter on her eyelids.
scout	разведчик	The American scout was discovered and caught.
lavish	щедрый, роскошный	The dessert table is lavish, but I'm on a diet.
faction	группировка, фракция	It's the most militant Kurdish faction.
stoop	наклоняться или сутулиться	She stooped to lift the book from the floor.
flourish	процветать	Once Fenain was a flourishing town.
peg	колышек, фиксатор	Drive the peg deeper into the ground.
keen	острый (часто перен.)	You have keen eyes, Mr. Baggins.
lounge	гостиная, холл, комната отдыха	On the first floor is located a lounge - 165 sq.m.
rustle	шелест	I like to rustle through the colourful fallen leaves.
slick	скользкий	Don't be scared, this is Slick Nick.
feast	праздник, пир	He wasn't invited to the feast.
patio	внутренний дворик	The concert will take place on the patio.
sleeve	рукав	He always held an ace in his sleeve.
crimson	малиновый, багряный	The crimson sun gave no light.
gloom	сумрак, уныние	A day of darkness and gloom.
detain	задерживать	8 poachers were detained for a week.
expire	истекать	I'm afraid your time has expired.
withstand	выдерживать	It must withstand temperatures up to 2,500 degrees.
stick to	придерживаться, соблюдать	I've never managed to stick to my schedule.
bigot	фанатик	It's truly hard to talk to bigots.
badge	значок	The sheriff got drunk and lost his badge.
dilute	разбавлять, разводить	It was pink, like diluted grenadine.
reed	тростник, камыш	There may be venomous vipers in these reeds.
take in	понять, вникнуть	Too strange. I can't take it in.
terrain	местность	The desolate rocky terrain stretches for miles.
behave	вести себя	Some don't like the way she behaves on stage.
spear	копье	They were armed with long hefty spears.
doughnut	пончик	The doughnuts are on the house today.
sparkle	сверкать, блистать, искриться	He handed me a sparkling glass of champagne.
choke	задыхаться, давиться	Bonobo choked on an apple.
type	печатать, набирать текст	Learn to touch-type. Trust me, it's liberating.
refute	опровергать	It refutes all your arguments.
adore	обожать	Now I understand why girls adore Andy.
break away	отделяться	In 1776 the colonies broke away from Britain
pear	груша	The pears are still green and firm but juicy.
beige	бежевый	Alina has two white mice and one beige rabbit.
elk	лось	The elk looks real.
multiply	умножать или размножаться	Multiply 4 by 3, then multiply the result by 6.
sparkle	сверкать, блистать, искриться	He handed me a sparkling glass of champagne.
choke	задыхаться, давиться	Bonobo choked on an apple.
type	печатать, набирать текст	Learn to touch-type. Trust me, it's liberating.
refute	опровергать	It refutes all your arguments.
adore	обожать	Now I understand why girls adore Andy.
break away	отделяться	In 1776 the colonies broke away from Britain
pear	груша	The pears are still green and firm but juicy.
beige	бежевый	Alina has two white mice and one beige rabbit.
elk	лось	The elk looks real.
multiply	умножать или размножаться	Multiply 4 by 3, then multiply the result by 6.
whatsoever	совсем (не)	It has no chance whatsoever of working.
enlist	привлечь (к делу)	It is prohibited to enlist children into the army.
built-in	встроенный	She said a built-in microwave was a necessity.
get in	прибывать (о транспорте)	My bus always gets in on time.
chore	скучная неприятная работа	E-mailing was my least-liked office chore.
surveillance	наблюдение	Now they set up video surveillance systems.
concur	соглашаться	Lars concurred with the conditions of Stefan.
drawer	выдвижной ящик	It must be in this drawer, under the brushes.
deflect	отклонять, преломлять	The prism deflects the rays of light toward its base.
trek	поход, переход	It's about a day's trek from here.
saint	святой	Saint Augustine wrote 'City of God'.
mash	разминать, месиво	The mashed potatoes are ok, but where is the meat?
noble	благородный	Sir Robert is a knight of noble blood.
batch	партия, серия, группа	It must have been a bad batch.
earring	серьга	How many earrings do you wear at a time?
procedure	процедура	It's a somewhat unpleasant procedure.
candid	честный, беспристрастный	We must be candid and truthful.
straw	солома	May I have a straw, please?
parlor	приёмная, салон	No more beauty parlors, no more parties.
frail	хилый	It was a frail handshake, a dead fish handshake.
rouse	будить	Amy roused me too soon.
glide	скользить, планировать	You just glide down from the mountain.
reckless	опрометчивый, безрассудный	He always was reckless and impulsive.
pope	папа римский	I think Pope is a funny guy.
incline	наклонять, склонять (втч. перен)	The plateau is inclined to the southwest.
checkup	медосмотр	I'm still a bit afraid of checkups.
crust	кора, корка	If you like a crispy crust, bake it for 5 min. longer.
pee	писать	This is the inexplicably popular statue of a peeing boy.
insulate	изолировать, оградить	The cabin is insulated to reduce engine noise.
lurch	крениться, шататься	The mast was lurching under me.
jump in	вмешаться	One of them wants to jump in, the other one doesn't.
bring up	воспитывать	I'm Mowgli, I was brought up by animals.
lamb	ягненок	These lambs are not for sale.
laden	груженный	We overtook a truck laden with trash.
tick	галочка, поставить галочку	Don't tick the second box, tick the third one.
airborne	находящийся в воздухе	The 6th Squadron is airborne, sir.
beard	борода	She wants me to shave off my beard.
huddle	столпиться, скучиться	The baboons huddled.
equation	уравнение	Let's solve the last equation.
fancy	необычный, причудливый, модный	This fancy car costs $120000.
strangle	придушить	I swear, one day I'll strangle you.
blur	размывать, смазывать	Tears made my vision blur again.
mostly	в основном	My neighborhood is mostly black.
ache	боль, болеть	No, darling. I have a headache.
raspberry	малина	This is the last basket of raspberries.
squeak	пищать, скрипеть	The mouse squeaked and flicked itself back.
grate	решетка	Look. What is under the grate?
suite	апартаменты, номер люкс	I can't afford a suite like this.
niece	племянница	I love when my niece comes to see me.
intimidate	запугивать	Don't let others intimidate you.
call on	обратиться, попросить	We called on a fortune-teller to figure it out.
weep	рыдать	There is a nice statue of a weeping angel.
creak	скрипеть	Both the floor and the new shoes creaked.
tuck	подоткнуть, заправить и т. д.	Trousers must be tucked into boots.
get down	приступить	After photographing they got down to work again.
check out	посмотреть, заценить	Check out this fish dude!
daze	ошеломить	Matt was dazed. Couldn't say a word.
witch	ведьма	You can keep this witch, but be careful with it.
scent	нюх или аромат	She liked the scent of sandalwood.
extinguish	погасить	They failed to extinguish the fire by themselves.
cab	такси	In New York cabs are yellow.
run into	случайно встретить	Sam ran into a bear in his garden.
ramp	скат, съезд	Don't slip on the ramp.
rodent	грызун	Some rodent, maybe a chipmunk or a squirrel.
cripple	калека, калечить	Sometimes St Paul healed cripples.
scramble	драка, схватка	What is called Scramble for Africa started in 1870.
go off	сработать	Don't smoke. The fire alarm may go off.
cane	трость	The gentleman with the cane is her father.
nudge	подталкивать	Maybe you need someone to nudge you forward.
trumpet	труба	Michael played trumpet in a jazz band.
deter	удерживать (от действия)	Thanks for deterring me from that.
midwife	акушерка	The midwife said there was nothing to worry about.
alike	подобно	They look a lot alike in some ways.
transcend	преодолеть (пределы)	I can transcend the limits of time and space.
bun	булочка	The bun is fine, but the rest is so-so.
arbitrary	произвольный	Do not take medicines arbitrarily.
digit	цифра	Dial the province code+the seven-digit phone number.
wallet	бумажник	I found a wallet of some Japanese.
chaos	хаос	Many myths begin with primordial chaos.
exuberant	буйный, энергичный	Are they always so exuberant and talkative?
process	обработать	Information should be collected and processed lawfully.
shatter	разрушить, раздробить	I felt shattered into a million pieces.
on account of	в связи	The road is closed on account of some reason.
crown	корона, короновать	The crown is made of gold and weighs over 6 lbs.
whim	каприз, прихоть	He satisfies her every whim.
spouse	супруг, супруга	My spouse still likes playing on swings.
handcuffs	наручники	Put the handcuffs on him.
scrub	чистить, драить	We scrubbed the deck every morning.
mutter	бормотать, бурчать	'Jesus Christ, what a mess', Ryan muttered.
be back	возвращаться	I'll be back.
process	обработать	Information should be collected and processed lawfully.
shatter	разрушить, раздробить	I felt shattered into a million pieces.
on account of	в связи	The road is closed on account of some reason.
crown	корона, короновать	The crown is made of gold and weighs over 6 lbs.
whim	каприз, прихоть	He satisfies her every whim.
spouse	супруг, супруга	My spouse still likes playing on swings.
handcuffs	наручники	Put the handcuffs on him.
scrub	чистить, драить	We scrubbed the deck every morning.
mutter	бормотать, бурчать	'Jesus Christ, what a mess', Ryan muttered.
be back	возвращаться	I'll be back.
pivot	стержень, ось, точка опоры	Why the pivot squeaks so loudly?
sore	больной, рана	No way I can do it with my sore neck.
extinct	вымерший	Aphanapteryx bonasia	a non-flying extinct bird.
pupil	зрачок	Your pupils widened so strangely.
maze	лабиринт	Her stupid dog got lost in the maze.
rattle	греметь, погремушка	This one rattles like a rattlesnake.
tremble	дрожать	My hands are still trembling.
contingency	непредвиденные обстоятельства	This type of contingency was not one we planned for.
strap	ремень	Where did you snap up that strap?
subsidiary	вспомогательный, дополнительный	I'm talking about the private subsidiary economy.
point out	указать	Jake pointed out northwest.
phony	фальшивый	They specialized in the distribution of phony documents.
account for	объяснить (произошедшее)	How can you account for the contents of your pockets?
fraction	доля, часть, дробь	He is not good at fractions yet.
jerk	придурок	Ned Ryerson is a cranky jerk.
back down	отступить, отказаться	After a dozen attempts, he backed down
relentless	настойчивый, непрекращающийся	It's the result of my relentless workout regimen.
sword	меч	'Sverd i fjell' means 'Swords in rock'.
fuzzy	пушистый, ворсистый	She stared at the fuzzy pink flower.
commonplace	обычное дело, банальность	Witchcraft is commonplace in this country.
foremost	передовой, первоочередной	These are my foremost goals right now.
surrender	сдаваться, капитулировать	The British army of Lord Cornwallis surrendered.
paragraph	абзац, пункт	Let's get down to the next paragraph.
tailor	портной, кроить	Most likely, his ancestor was a tailor.
break out	сбежать, вырваться	It's not easy to break out of prison.
incumbent	возложенный	This responsibility is incumbent on the mayor.
glaze	глазурь, глянец	The glaze is the best part.
immense	огромный	An immense cloud covered the city.
strait	пролив	The bridge over the strait seemed a thin thread.
rot	гнить	Eat fruits before they rot.
screenplay	сценарий	Your story sounds like a Tarantino screenplay.
noodles	лапша	Last time I had heartburn after these noodles.
slack	расслабление, поблажка	Sometimes I give myself some slack.
embark on	начать (что-то серьёзное)	Today I'm embarking on a new chapter in my life.
soften	смягчать	Silver softens at about 180°C.
stark	чёткий, жёсткий, острый (об. перен.)	There is nothing but stark rocks around here.
lace	шнурок, шнуровать	The left boot was laced, the right one wasn't.
obstruct	препятствовать, загромождать	The road was obstructed by bollards.
damp	сырой, сырость	The cellar smelled damp and moldy.
come out	выступить, заявить	The next day he came out with a statement.
pork	свинина	Minimize consumption of pork.
brassiere (bra)	бюстгальтер	This bra will be seen through the white shirt.
frighten off	отпугивать	A good scarecrow frightens off birds and people.
bellow	реветь, рёв	Why does it close its eyes while bellowing?
torment	мучение	And so she was condemned to an eternity of torment.
lightning	молния	The lightning struck simultaneously.
fidelity	верность	There are many touching stories about dog fidelity.
stick out	торчать, выделяться	I've lost some weight, and now my ribs stick out.
bloom	расцвет, расцветать	These orchids bloom in November.
propel	двигать, толкать	A jet of water propelled him up.
sulfur (sulphur)	сера	The intense smell of sulfur hit my nose.
surf	прибой	The shot was taken from the surf line.
impending	предстоящий, грозящий	We had no warning of the impending storm.
playground	детская площадка	Where is Tom? I thought he was on the playground.
rig	установка, сооружение	It's a rig for macro photography of insects.
hunk	ломоть, лакомый кусок	A slice of bread, two eggs and a fine hunk of beef.
laptop	ноутбук	This is my first laptop. It still works.
heave	вздыматься	Now I know why the ground is heaving.
itch	зуд	If you get an itch, don't scratch it.
sober	трезвый	Let's finish the bottle, it's a sober zone.
tramp	бродяга	You will become a tramp, a hobo, a beggar-man.
shake (shook, shaken)	пожать (руки)	We shook hands and parted.
pass off as	сойти, прокатить за	Can I pass off as a hare?
brisk	энергичный, оживлённый	Younger travelers are attracted by the brisk nightlife.
crossroads	перекрёсток, перепутье	Are you sure? I don't remember this crossroads.
flea	блоха	This squirrel has fleas. Drive it away.
agile	проворный, гибкий	The skill of being agile is highly important.
bring around	убедить	Nothing will bring me around to your point of view.
laundry	прачечная	I worked in a laundry for a year and a half.
state	заявить, отметить	He stated that the issue remained controversial.
make sure	убедиться	I have to make sure he has gone.
pending	в ожидании, на рассмотрении	However, there are still complaints pending.
alternate	чередовать, чередующийся	Along the shore woods and prairies alternate.
alongside	рядом	The oiler sailed alongside the aircraft carrier.
sweetheart	возлюбленный (ая), милый	Abby said they were high-school sweethearts.
face up to	принять (обстоятельства)	It's time to face up to this sad reality.
owl	сова	And the owl is a solitary creature by nature.
embody	олицетворять	This sculpture embodies the spirit of this city.
riddle	загадка	Answer the riddle.
predominant	преобладающий	Its terrain is predominantly mountainous.
hustle	толкаться, торопиться	I tried to hustle through the crowd and catch her.
hound	охотничья собака, об. гончая	The hound is just a pup - barely a year old.
superficial	поверхностный	It's okay, just minor superficial damage.
socket	разъем, розетка	Once I tried to stick a nail into a power socket.
chapel	часовня	Tell me what happened in the chapel.
tempt	искушать	What is that tempting smell?
whistle	свист, свистеть, свисток	She whistled, but he wouldn't come back.
hook up	потрахаться	How often do you hook up with strangers?
union	союз	The European Union includes 28 countries.
menace	угроза, угрожать	He believes it is not a significant menace.
illuminate	освещать	The alley was illuminated by thousands of lights.
helm	руль, штурвал	Erik, take the helm.
humiliate	унижать	It was the most humiliating punishment.
comprise	состоять из, охватывать	The complex comprises 8 half-decayed temples.
whisk	сделать быстрое движение	It just whisked into its hole. Have you seen it?
pack	упаковывать, собирать	I'm really tired of packing boxes.
Easter	Пасха	Easter Bunny brings people toys and eggs.
lateral	боковой	Read on for our guide to the lateral raise.
glitter	блеск, блестеть, сверкать	Look, it's my favorite glitter nail polish.
chant	петь, скандировать, песнопение	The crowd chanted religious slogans.
reel	катушка, наматывать	It's the most reliable reel.
tease	дразнить	David is teasing Rosie with a stick.
settle on	определиться с	Now we have to settle on the route.
mileage	пробег	Your price looks good, model, mileage...
credential	удостоверение, аккредитация	It was pretty hard to get a press credential.
share	разделять (напр. мнение)	She even shares my musical tastes.
sideways	вбок	This turtle can swim sideways and backward.
fable	басня	What's the moral of the fable of the Old Lion?
knack	умение, сноровка	She had natural flexibility and a knack for acrobatics.
hawk	ястреб	Richard, watch her like a hawk.
recede	убывать	I had to wait for the tide to recede.
scour	обыскать, прочесать	They scoured the area but didn't find the fugitive.
earnest	серьёзный, ревностный	I've never seen him so frighteningly earnest.
transparent	прозрачный	The Baikal ice is transparent as glass.
heir	наследник	King Felipe V had three heirs.
intern	стажёр	Joey is the youngest intern in the program.
rake	грабли	Why do I step on the same rake?
empire	империя	The empire on which the sun never sets.
flurry	поток, шквал	And then a flurry of snow hid them from my sight.
broom	метла, веник	The witches fly on brooms or goats.
scramble	карабкаться, продираться	I didn't like scrambling through the mud.
altitude	высота	We kept gaining altitude.
numeric (numerical)	числовой, цифровой	The entry code is a numeric passkey.
bring along	взять с собой	We always bring along our raccoon.
chew	жевать	The mad giraffe chewed my gloves.
tar	смола	Either way, just don't step in the tar pit.
homicide	убийство	No doubt it was an intentional homicide.
mentor	наставник	A mentor is not just a teacher or a coach.
turn off	свернуть (с дороги)	I turned off the main road and proceeded on foot.
mammal	млекопитающее	Like all mammals, they are good swimmers.
sting (stung, stung)	жалить, жало	Its sting is sharp and venomous. Look out!
vocabulary	словарный запас	Your vocabulary is growing. Good for you.
beast	зверь, животное, скот	This wonderful crocodile is a fierce beast.
foil	фольга	It's just a waste of foil.
jump at	ухватиться (за возможность)	We jumped at the chance to travel for free.
cardboard	картон	This is Jake's cardboard castle.
ivory	слоновая кость	The talisman is kept in an ivory chest.
lever	рычаг, ручка	Does the brake lever pull hard?
tuition	обучение, плата за обучение	I just needed money to pay my tuition.
syringe	шприц	'It won't hurt', she said and took a syringe out.
whore	шлюха	Call me a dirty whore.
someday	когда-нибудь	Maybe someday I will come back.
rehearse	репетировать	You just need to rehearse more.
terrify	устрашать	Terrifying things happen in the night.
clash	столкновение	I hear the clash of their antlers.
tack	канцелярская кнопка, гвоздик	The exact point is marked with a tack.
maritime	морской	Most maritime mishaps are caused by human error.
dwindle	постепенно уменьшаться	The volume of water in the lake keeps dwindling.
nasty	противный	Her nasty dog's name is Riccardo.
poultry	домашняя птица	Hens and other poultry were kept on 274 farms.
deduct	вычитать (об. про деньги)	Don't worry, I'll just deduct it from your salary.
tend	ухаживать	A garden should be tended and cared for.
put away	посадить в тюрьму	I was put away for two-and-a-half years.
preclude	исключить, помешать	These measures will not preclude robbery attempts.
coward	трус	But we don't need cowards, either.
tow	буксир или эвакуатор, буксировать	Peter helped me tow the boat to the beach.
perpetual	вечный, постоянный	What is this? A perpetual motion machine?
resolve	разрешить (ситуацию)	They resolved the issue of chemical weapons.
bait	приманка	Shrimp is a great bait for catfish.
calm down	успокоиться	Hey! Calm down bro!
deduct	вычитать (об. про деньги)	Don't worry, I'll just deduct it from your salary.
tend	ухаживать	A garden should be tended and cared for.
put away	посадить в тюрьму	I was put away for two-and-a-half years.
preclude	исключить, помешать	These measures will not preclude robbery attempts.
coward	трус	But we don't need cowards, either.
tow	буксир или эвакуатор, буксировать	Peter helped me tow the boat to the beach.
perpetual	вечный, постоянный	What is this? A perpetual motion machine?
resolve	разрешить (ситуацию)	They resolved the issue of chemical weapons.
bait	приманка	Shrimp is a great bait for catfish.
calm down	успокоиться	Hey! Calm down bro!
scarce	редкий, скудный	Apples are scarce this year.
abundant	обильный	But apricots are abundant this year.
subdue	подавить, укротить	They subdued him before the police arrived.
fur	мех	She hates people who wear fur.
freshen up	освежить(ся)	You can freshen up too if you wish.
peculiar	своеобразный, особый	As I already said, she was a peculiar girl.
duke	герцог	James, duke of York, the future king James II.
saliva	слюна	Dog saliva has antibacterial properties.
refrigerator	холодильник	Bobby, help me move the refrigerator.
straightforward	простой, прямой, откровенный	We have a strategy that is straightforward and simple.
clay	глина	The clay must be mixed thoroughly.
stocking	чулок	It's barely enough for stockings and cigarettes.
go together	сочетаться	Wine and cheese go together perfectly.
loft	чердак, верхний нежилой этаж	This is a loft room. You will live here.
liven up	оживить, взбодрить	Mat Zo can liven up any party.
siege	осада	The Siege of La Rochelle lasted from 1627 to 1628.
bud	бутон или почка растения	Apple buds started blooming early.
rectangle	прямоугольник	Pay no attention to the red rectangle.
fabulous	невероятный, легендарный	Another fabulous Gaudi creation.
kite	коршун или воздушный змей	I have never seen kites around here.
fetch	сходить принести	The dog, tail swishing, fetched the stick.
tray	лоток, поднос, поддон	They serve food on nice wooden trays.
quiz	викторина, тест, опрос	Well, here's a quiz for you.
donkey	осел	You can go on foot or borrow my donkey.
mansion	особняк, здание	The mansion was home to the Sioux Museum.
plural	множественное число	Mouse is singular, mice is plural.
sovereign	суверенный	I want Quebec to be a sovereign state.
seam	шов	What's wrong with this seam?
recipient	получатель	What if the recipient is a foreign resident?
hustle	нечестно добыть (амер.)	Tommy mastered many ways of hustling money.
canopy	навес, тент, полог	We had some time to rest under the canopy of trees.
barn	сарай	My father built this barn twenty years ago.
recess	перерыв	I'll see you during recess.
rod	стержень, прут	The fishing rod bent in a steep arc.
bale	тюк	Each bale of marijuana weighs 25 pounds.
sew	шить	I can't sew like that.
speak up	говорить громче	Speak up, please. It's noisy around here.
commute	ходить, курсировать	The ferry commutes to Dublin and back.
purse	кошелек, сумочка	I had a similar purse, and it was stolen.
relay	передавать, ретранслировать	This article describes the process of mail relaying.
sum up	подытожить	To sum up: it's a very big deal for us.
censorship	цензура	In my country, Internet censorship is getting stricter.
potent	мощный, могущественный	It's a very potent energy drink.
dash	тире, чёрточка	Dialogues in Spanish start with a long dash.
timetable	расписание	Take a picture of the timetable.
snarl	рычать, огрызаться	Your dogs snarl, they don't recognize me.
graze	пасти(сь)	Let's go, let the horses graze.
chimney	дымовая труба	It's opposite the house with a crooked chimney.
manure	навоз	See that pile of manure?
ledge	уступ	They can walk and jump on these ledges.
squat	приседать, приземистый	You must perform the squat correctly.
stalk	красться, преследовать	He will keep stalking you until he kills you.
ditch	ров	Corporal Moore adroitly jumped over a ditch.
prophet	пророк	The prophet Jeremiah himself said so.
cellular	сотовый	I am afraid to live near a cellular tower.
dawn on	осенить	You know, it just... it suddenly dawned on me.
inflame	разжигать (в осн. перен.)	The shooting of Brown inflamed passions.
dude	чувак	Dude, where's my car?
get used to	привыкнуть	I can't get used to this idea.
thereafter	впоследствии	No matter what I do and where I go thereafter.
oak	дуб	It's the oldest oak in the park.
flight	бегство	The poem starts with Aeneas' flight from Troy.
memoirs	мемуары	It's time for you to write memoirs.
porter	носильщик или порьте	The job of a porter was far from glamorous.
smack	шлёпнуть, хлопнуть	Freyja meowed and smacked him on the muzzle.
dismantle	разобрать, демонтировать	The decision was taken to dismantle these facilities.
frontier	граница	After 1552, it served as a frontier fortress.
collide	сталкиваться	It occurs when two celestial bodies collide.
dent	вмятина	I got off with a dent on the bumper.
exempt	освободить (от), освобождение	Some cars are exempt from traffic laws.
dazzle	ослепить	Dazzling sunlight alternated with thick fog.
moist	влажный	Does anybody have a moist wipe?
merit	заслуга, заслуживать	Medals are given for merits.
closure	закрытие, завершение	I hope the closure is temporary.
act on	действовать в соответствии	Well, let's act on the original plan.
astound	изумлять	We were astounded and a bit scared.
plaster	штукатурка или гипс	We updated the plaster on the ceiling.
put off	откладывать	Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
robust	крепкий, надёжный, здоровый	These horses are robust and resistant.
shuffle	перемешивать, тасовать	Please shuffle the cards better.
comedian	комик	They called me the unfunniest comedian in the world.
nuisance	неприятность, неудобство	What a nuisance they are!
lead up to	предшествовать	The days leading up to exams are the hardest.
inflict	причинять, наносить	The device can inflict severe pain.
beetle	жук	Once there lived a good beetle.
leftover	остаток	And thanks for the leftovers.
hunch	горб, горбиться	A hunched elderly woman passed by.
tumble	перевернуться, кувыркнуться	Fiona laughed and tumbled on the grass.
handwriting	почерк	But it's not his handwriting.
geared to	направлен на	Those actions are geared to treating hiccup.
twirl	вертеть	Now I can twirl three batons at a time.
hinder	мешать, затруднять	Deep snow hinders freedom of movement.
strawberry	клубника	Мy strawberry plantation. I mean, I work here.
livestock	скот	We should raise our own vegetables and livestock.
snug	уютный, тесный	Later it was converted into a snug restaurant.
hoof	копыто	A horse's hooves are like human nails.
handicap	помеха, недостаток	Poverty is the biggest handicap a child can have.
vent	выход, отдушина	A strange smell comes from the vent.
pick up	прибрать	They made me pick up my room.
mediocre	посредственный	Let's be honest Tom Cruise is a mediocre actor.
stir up	вызвать, возбудить	A witch should know how to stir up a storm.
monetary	валютный, денежный	There are six objectives of monetary policy.
seduce	соблазнять	Younger men were easier to seduce and control.
drip	капля, капать	It sounded like a dripping faucet: drip, drip…
carbohydrate	углевод	You eat too many carbohydrates.
aerial	воздушный	You can distinguish them in the aerial photo.
missing	пропавший, отсутствующий	Two days have passed, the boy is still missing.
outlet	выход (отверстие)	Ganesha's trunk serves as a water outlet.
ramble	бродить, блуждать	Don't ramble in this forest alone.
outdoor (outdoors)	на улице	My husband isn't the outdoors type.
axe (ax)	топор	Sharpen your axe and be ready.
recess	выемка, впадина	What's that glow in the recess?
curse	проклятие	May God's curse be on you.
divert	отвлечь, развлечь	This will divert his attention.
masterpiece	шедевр	It's his most recognizable masterpiece.
kidney	почка	How much does a kidney cost?
torch	факел, горелка	Don't set us on fire with your torch.
vice versa	(и) наоборот	Lucy blamed Lola and vice versa.
rationale	основание, обоснование	The economic rationale seems plausible.
parsley	петрушка	Parsley is easy to grow, even indoors.
lash (eyelash)	ресница	I pretended I had a lash in my eye.
gust	порыв	The gusts of wind became more and more violent.
twig	прут, веточка	We need thinner twigs for a broom.
lay out	выложить, разложить	Lay out your goods for all to see.
obedience	покорность	Obedience training is essential for every dog!
caviar	икра	You can't put too much caviar on a sandwich.
tile	плитка, черепица	I slipped on the tile and broke the toilet bowl.
folder	папка	Take the papers out of the folders and burn them.
maiden	дева, девственница	The Sea Maiden is a Scottish fairy tale.
hold on	оставаться на линии	Hold on, I'll switch you over to Mr. Fooks.
chin	подбородок	Fred rubbed his chin and thought.
afflict	поражать, вредить	The area will be afflicted by radiation contamination.
sediment	осадок	Does the sediment indicate I did something wrong?
simmer	медленно кипятить	Simmer it for twenty minutes with the lid off.
scoop	совок, ковш, черпать	This ice cream scoop is sold in Home Depot.
pedestrian	пешеход	Some drivers don't like giving way to pedestrians.
provisional	предварительный, временный	The Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea.
gown	платье	I'm already not sure I need a gown.
buckle	пряжка	Check the buckles and laces.
zipper	молния (застёжка)	And the zipper still works and everything.
riot	бунт	I don't know. Looks like a riot or something.
ambiguous	двусмысленный, неоднозначный	Those lines sound ambiguous to me.
vigil	дежурство, бдение	Someone is always keeping a night vigil.
toll	плата, пошлина, тариф	The toll on this bridge is $5, and they accept cash.
courtyard	внутренний двор	Let's move the table to the courtyard.
haste	спешка	In his haste, he choked on pizza.
atop	наверху	I felt atop the world.
mesh	сетка	We need half-inch rebar and reinforced steel mesh.
martial	боевой, военный	He was an outstanding martial artist.
pastry	выпечка, тесто	Eat pastry in moderation.
riot	бунт	I don't know. Looks like a riot or something.
ambiguous	двусмысленный, неоднозначный	Those lines sound ambiguous to me.
vigil	дежурство, бдение	Someone is always keeping a night vigil.
toll	плата, пошлина, тариф	The toll on this bridge is $5, and they accept cash.
courtyard	внутренний двор	Let's move the table to the courtyard.
haste	спешка	In his haste, he choked on pizza.
atop	наверху	I felt atop the world.
mesh	сетка	We need half-inch rebar and reinforced steel mesh.
martial	боевой, военный	He was an outstanding martial artist.
pastry	выпечка, тесто	Eat pastry in moderation.
foam	пена	Do you remember that Ibiza foam party?
blush	румянец, краснеть	Add some blush to emphasize your cheekbones.
prod	ткнуть (чтобы сдвинуть)	Mark prodded the cat off the couch.
tolerate	терпеть	Camels tolerate heat, but goats can't.
hunch	догадка, предчуствие	I hope my hunch doesn't come true.
smash	громить, разбивать	It is time to smash the piggy bank.
maple	клён	Welcome to the Country of the Maple Leaf.
batter	паста, тесто, взбивать	Isn't the batter too thick?
addition	добавление, сложение	The addition of milk to coffee binds the antioxidants.
save up	накопить	I'm saving up for a trip to Madagascar.
stitch	стежок, сшить, зашить	I even stitched it on a pillow.
junction	стык, узел, пересечение	I used to live next to the railroad junction.
relish	наслаждаться	I relished every moment of my newfound freedom.
modify	видоизменять	Wings are modified forelimbs.
cleave	раскалывать	A bolt of lightning cleaved the ash tree.
farewell	прощальный, прощание	Her farewell speech was pushed out through tears.
lapse	упущение, оплошность	It was a momentary lapse of concentration.
take away	отнять	The purse was taken away by three women.
ponder	обдумывать	Leave me alone, I need to ponder on this.
wear off	сойти на нет, выветриться	The energy drink wore off quite soon.
plump	пухлый	Some like plump women.
efficacy	результативность	The bombing strategy proved its efficacy.
coaster	подставка	Beckie gave me these coasters.
glare	яркий свет, ослеплять	Headlights glared at us from an oncoming car.
prop	подпирать, подпорка	The ramshackle wall was propped by wood bars.
crusade	крестовый поход	Richard the Lionheart embarked on the Third Crusade.
mercy	милость, милосердие	This image of Mary is called The Virgin of Mercy.
call back	перезвонить	I'm driving. I'll call you back later.
wreath	венок	A wreath was placed during the memorial ceremony.
verge	обочина	Beware soft verges.
prolong	продлить	Ginseng root prolongs life.
monastery	монастырь	The monastery has repeatedly been devastated.
muzzle	морда или намордник	It's grey with a black muzzle and tail.
monk	монах	The monks made wine and stored it in caves.
slant	наклон, скос, наклонять	All the trees look slanted in this park.
partition	раздел	The third and last partition of Poland took place in 1795.
go down	быть принятым	The new songs went down really well.
dictionary	словарь	Buy an explanatory dictionary, not a bilingual one.
notorious	известный, пресловутый	The notorious rapper Tupac Shakur said so.
incidence	частотность, распространённость	The incidence of tuberculosis steadily increased.
discern	различить, распознать	I couldn't discern her face, just a vague shadow.
well-being	благополучие	The level of our well-being gets higher.
gym	спортзал	Jessie is my coach in the gym.
crease	складка, сминать	Smooth out every crease.
vendor	продавец, торговец	I wanted to become an ice cream vendor.
sack	мешок	And you, sir, owe me a sack of potatoes.
hush	молчать	Hush, hush, they are here!
cucumber	огурец	There is always the one who can't stand cucumbers.
suffocate	задыхаться	She will suffocate in three minutes.
standpoint	точка зрения	My standpoint is not going to change, ever.
barren	бесплодный	Nobody ever lived on this barren land.
jeopardy	опасность (серьёзная)	He was in serious jeopardy of being eaten.
grind (ground, groud)	молоть, измельчать	How much grain can it grind per hour?
highway	шоссе	The highway leads to nowhere.
freeway	автострада	I get dizzy on the freeway.
sober up	протрезветь	In fact, coffee doesn't help you sober up.
apiece	каждый, за штуку	The muffins are 20 cents apiece.
muck	грязь, мусор, навоз	I'm happy as a pig in muck.
butt	торец, зад	Come on, grab it by its butt!
lizard	ящерица	Dad, look. I caught a lizard.
grit	крошка, песок, гравий	Let's pull over and get some grit.
gospel	евангелие	Saint Matthew's Gospel chapter twenty-eight.
deaf	глухой	Jesus, you're gonna make it deaf.
butterfly	бабочка	Most butterflies live for 10-14 days.
bliss	блаженство	Sometimes we are granted moments of pure bliss.
obsolete	устарелый	Vinyl never really became obsolete.
jolt	толчок, встряска	The first jolt sent me into a panic.
rupture	разрыв	The old pipes rupture every now and then.
cuisine	кухня	Exploring Korean cuisine is surely a cultural adventure.
be late	опоздать	Mr. Paszkowski was late as usual.
feeble	слабый, немощный	Too weak even to snuff this feeble candle.
budge	сдвинуть	You can't budge this boulder, Tommy.
adultery	прелюбодеяние, неверность	Even a rumor of adultery can be enough.
zeal	рвение, усердие	We worked with zeal and enthusiasm.
blow up	взорвать	Why did you blow up this warehouse?
cub	детеныш	If you see a cub back off slowly, the mother is nearby.
binge	кутёж, загул, пьянка	That night she went on a binge to forget it all.
crouch	присесть, припасть к земле	I crouched down to catch my breath.
dwarf	карлик, гном	Meet, Baicco, the Roman dwarf.
inexplicable	необъяснимый	Their origin is inexplicable.
ample	обильный, широкий	Shanghai is a city of ample opportunities.
scaffold	помост	Finish smoking and get up on the scaffold.
colonel	полковник	No one writes to the colonel.
vault	свод, небосвод	Here under the echoing vaults of Autun cathedral.
snag	коряга или загвоздка	We need to make our way among the snags.
prick	колоть	Be careful not to prick yourself on its thorns.
mandatory	обязательный	A full stop at the stop sign is mandatory.
deplete	истощать	The soil is depleted, and fertilisers are expensive.
ribbon	лента	She helped me decorate the tree with ribbons.
fume	дым, испарение	Are these fumes harmless?
retract	втягивать, брать обратно и т.д.	Sometimes she forgets to retract the claws.
oats	овес, овсянка	If you don't eat oats, then you can use buckwheat.
wrath	ярость	I don't know what aroused his wrath.
crate	ящик	Check through the crates once again.
longevity	долговечность, долголетие	Good mood is the secret of longevity.
suffice	хватать, быть достаточным	This will suffice for a while.
dull	скучный, унылый	The landscape was dull, misty, and monotonous.
weld	сварка, сваривать	No, but you don't want a welder.
fall	осень (амер.)	I do hope I can be there by next fall.
globe	мир, земной шар	You want to travel around the globe? Many want to.
retract	втягивать, брать обратно и т.д.	Sometimes she forgets to retract the claws.
oats	овес, овсянка	If you don't eat oats, then you can use buckwheat.
wrath	ярость	I don't know what aroused his wrath.
crate	ящик	Check through the crates once again.
longevity	долговечность, долголетие	Good mood is the secret of longevity.
suffice	хватать, быть достаточным	This will suffice for a while.
dull	скучный, унылый	The landscape was dull, misty, and monotonous.
weld	сварка, сваривать	No, but you don't want a welder.
fall	осень (амер.)	I do hope I can be there by next fall.
globe	мир, земной шар	You want to travel around the globe? Many want to.
obey	подчиняться, слушаться	I order, you obey! Got it?
come up with	придумать	Whenever you come up with an idea, write it down.
squash	раздавливать, расплющивать	The poor toad was squashed by a truck.
walnut	грецкий орех	Michael brought us a sack of walnuts.
commend	высоко оценивать	We commend your contribution to our mission.
retarded	умственно отсталый	I thought he was retarded, but he wasn't.
lush	пышный	His tomb is hidden under the lush vegetation.
indulge	баловать, потворствовать	Don't indulge your cat with savored food.
ivy	плющ	Not the ivy-clad building, the next one.
dubious	сомнительный	I believe it is because of your dubious reputation
pass out	вырубиться	I'm afraid I'm passing out. Sorry.
conquer	завоевать	The town is conquered by the Tawhid Brigade.
plea	просьба, требование, иск	What does this plea mean?
moth	мотылёк или моль	Her mother hates moths, especially the fat ones.
sponge	губка	And I just soaked it up like a sponge.
move out	съехать, выселиться	When I moved out, my parents were happy.
leash	привязь, поводок	We need a longer leash, 20 or 30 feet.
aftermath	последствие, результат	I witnessed the aftermath of the tsunami.
halve	делить пополам	I halved my bread intake.
deceive	обманывать	Money changers often deceive people.
comrade	товарищ	Hold on, comrade, hold on.
scold	ругать	He looks so angry. What is he scolding her for?
get by	обойтись, протянуть	You can't get by for a month on your savings.
bout	бой, поединок	It's the most anticipated bout of the tournament.
premises	помещение (-я)	The university is located in fantastic premises.
sprout	росток, прорастать	But how can it sprout through asphalt?
willow	ива	Be flexible like a willow tree and firm like an oak.
retrospect	взгляд в прошлое	But in retrospect, I understand why.
proverb	пословица	I have not heard this proverb before.
flu	грипп	What if it's swine flu?
discreet	сдержанный	Perhaps I should have been more discreet.
needle	игла	It's like finding a needle in the hay stack.
look smb up	найти (в списке и т. п.)	In vain, I tried to look her up on Facebook.
interpreter	переводчик	Definitely, it was the fault of the interpreter.
squid	кальмар	Squids hunt at night.
abate	уменьшаться, ослабевать	The sun sank, the heat abated, the gophers came out.
get on	быть, делать	Hi Nick, how are you getting on with your project?
quaint	причудливый	It was a quaint, old-fashioned village.
troublesome	хлопотный, беспокойный	Wednesday was a troublesome day, wasn't it?
candle	свеча	One by one, Archer lit the five candles.
testament	завет, завещание	The Old Testament is more boring than the New.
stall	задержаться, застопориться	I stalled again, got stuck in the mud.
tip smb off	предупредить, секретно сообщить	Monika tipped me off about his plans.
proponent	сторонник, поборник	J. is a proponent of the legalization of soft drugs.
beverage	напиток	Other beverages are on you.
screech	визг, скрип, хрип и т. д.	Around them, gulls screeched and wailed.
hypocrite	лицемер	A politician must be able to be a hypocrite.
courtesy	учтивость, этикет	Thank you for your courtesy, boy.
junk	барахло, хлам	There is too much junk in your trunk.
shake up	встряхнуть, взбудоражить	The morning news shook up the city.
get lost	пропасть	Get lost, please. Thank you.
friendly	дружелюбный	She just thinks it's a friendly wolf.
forecast	прогноз	The weather forecast is never wrong.
check in	вселиться (в отель)	Check in: After 1 pm.
check out	освободить номер	Check out: Before 12 pm.
pull over	притормозить ненадолго	Let's pull over and ask for directions.
tidy	опрятный, аккуратный	The room seemed tidy as never before.
spotlight	прожектор, центр внимания	I hate being in the spotlight.
gait	походка	Even her gait had changed.
graph	график	Dennis kept his eye on the graph.
bestow	даровать	General Hobbins was bestowed an honorary sword.
entail	влечь за собой, подразумевать	He does not fully understand what Brexit entails.
interim	промежуточный, временный	My interim driver's licence has just expired.
sketch	набросок, эскиз	I didn't like the first sketch.
bicycle	велосипед	Do you really ride this bicycle?
clumsy	неловкий, неуклюжий	Why are you so clumsy, Jeff?
perplex	смутить, озадачить	For a moment, she seemed perplexed by the question.
scrambled eggs	яичница	I cooked a scrambled ostrich egg.
disparity	неравенство	The Committee is concerned about gender disparity.
footing	опора, основа	A steady and secure footing is required.
stray	бродить, бродячий	There are over 35 million stray dogs in India.
erase	стирать	Erase all this data. Got it?
varnish	лак, лакировать	The scent of flowers mingled with the smell of varnish.
peddle	торговать вразнос, по мелочи	Carlos peddles toys on the streets of Maracaibo.
slash	рубить, хлестать, кромсать	Look how he slashes about with his sword!
pound	долбить, толочь	They pound rice to make traditional cakes.
magnificent	великолепный, величественный	This magnificent mountain has a strange name.
disillusion	разочаровывать	I'm completely disillusioned with you.
mischief	вред, безобразие	This cat is full of mischief.
choir	хор	And the choir comes in: Oooo...
dislocate	вывихнуть, сместить	I dislocated my arm and broke my forefinger.
lifelong	пожизненный	This has been my lifelong dream.
crumple	смять	Sorry, it's crumpled.
precaution	предосторожность	This is an essential precaution against the infection.
input	вход, ввод	Hey, how many inputs are there?
clove	гвоздика	The tea needs more clove and less hibiscus.
whereby	посредством чего	This is a scheme whereby it works.
fatigue	усталость, утомление	Aside from fatigue, I was happy.
notify	известить	The point is we have to notify them officially.
shun	избегать	Unlike you, St. Anthony shunned temptations.
cease	прекращать	The trains ceased running here in the late 80s.
spooky	жуткий	Then Bill told us the spooky story.
fragrant	душистый, ароматный	These fragrant tulips bloom in May.
circus	цирк	She dated a circus performer.
nude	обнаженный	It's not so easy to pose nude.
yawn	зевать	I looked at her and yawned too.
thrust	сунуть, пихнуть (быстро)	The foil is a thrusting weapon only.
suspicious	подозрительный	'Where have you been?' she asked suspiciously.
reckon	считать, рассчитывать	I reckon there must be another one around here.
obscure	неясный, тёмный	Everything seemed dark, obscure and terrible.
allure	очарование, очаровывать	I dipped and dived into these alluring stories.
enrich	обогащать	This is how the air is enriched with oxygen.
cool down	остыть	I took a shower under the waterfall to cool down.
peanut	арахис	I buy raw peanuts and roast them myself.
furnish	предоставлять	I furnished all the required documents.
siblings	братья и сестры	All his siblings were striped.
pathetic	жалкий	What would you do with your pathetic life?
astonish	изумлять	Sometimes you astonish me.
tin	олово или жесть	It's made from two tin cans.
weary	утомленный	My brain is weary of the paradoxes.
vapor	пар	The warm vapor had the odor of sulphur.
stubborn	упрямый	He got even more stubborn.
detriment	ущерб, вред	This kind of thing causes serious detriment to your health.
subordinate	подчиненный, подчинять	With respect, I'm not your subordinate.
tram	трамвай	They call trams streetcars here in America.
hoard	копить, накопление, клад	The hoard was found in 1937 on a farm near Venice.
denote	обозначать	The word 'stuff' can denote anything.
shriek	пронзительный крик, вскрикнуть	That shriek made my blood freeze.
crumble	крошить, рушиться	The wall crumbled, the roof fell in.
chancellor	канцлер	I am pleased to welcome you, chancellor.
shepherd	пастух	Shortly, we overtook a shepherd with a flock of sheep.
pinch	зажать, ущипнуть	I pinched myself to wake up.
stash	тайник, заначка, прятать	The police found my stash in the bathroom.
stunt	трюк, выходка	Motorcycle stunts don't always end well.
freak	урод	Man, you're such a freak.
take aback	ошеломить, застать врасплох	Needless to say, I was taken aback.
chorus	припев	Let's sing it, but I know only the chorus.
repel	отталкивать, отражать	The opposite poles attract, and the same poles repel.
jewel	драгоценности	Neither money nor jewels went missing.
keep on	продолжать делать	The snowstorm started, but she kept on walking.
folly	глупость, безумие	And they will pay for their folly.
feat	подвиг, свершение	I had never seen him, but I had heard of his feats.
bulk	основная масса	The bulk of the goods is transported by ships.
spectator	зритель, наблюдатель	The stadium accommodates 15,000 spectators.
rubbish	мусор (в осн. брит.)	Sometimes they forget to take the rubbish away.
affirm	утверждать, подтверждать	I affirm that they are to blame for it.
come to	доходить до	Luffy is awesome when it comes to action.
lust	вожделение, страсть	Love or lust, what does it matter?
pest	паразит, вредитель	You should do some pest control.
ingenious	изобретательный	He is the most ingenious of us.
folly	глупость, безумие	And they will pay for their folly.
feat	подвиг, свершение	I had never seen him, but I had heard of his feats.
bulk	основная масса	The bulk of the goods is transported by ships.
spectator	зритель, наблюдатель	The stadium accommodates 15,000 spectators.
rubbish	мусор (в осн. брит.)	Sometimes they forget to take the rubbish away.
affirm	утверждать, подтверждать	I affirm that they are to blame for it.
come to	доходить до	Luffy is awesome when it comes to action.
lust	вожделение, страсть	Love or lust, what does it matter?
pest	паразит, вредитель	You should do some pest control.
ingenious	изобретательный	He is the most ingenious of us.
harp	арфа	It made me want to learn to play the harp.
omit	пропускать	Fill in the omitted letters.
thereby	тем самым	Thereby we will know the truth.
catch	расслышать, уловить	Sorry, I didn't catch your last name.
notwithstanding	несмотря на	Notwithstanding the climate, it's a pleasant place.
induce	вызывать, побуждать	The bath induces sound sleep.
lounge	расслабляться, бездельничать	While I'm working, you're lounging on the beach.
fever	лихорадка, жар	Fever can be caused by stress.
mug	кружка	The green mug is mine, the blue one is yours.
fall apart	разваливаться	The building is falling apart. My bag is in there.
spit (spat, spat)	плевать	No spitting, please, okay?
persecute	преследовать, травить	Christians were persecuted by Jews and Romans.
queue	очередь	Join the queue, please.
get ahead of	обогнать	Punch the gas and get ahead of him!
crisp	хрустящий	It's like tiny crisp cookies.
acute	острый	The plates form an acute angle.
recount	пересказать	I don't want to recount that story.
sensible	разумный, имеющий смысл	There is only one sensible way of doing this.
Gypsy	цыган, цыганский	Gypsies in France originate from Spain.
go into	вдаваться	It is not necessary to go into the details
bolster	укреплять, поддерживать	Intake of creatine bolsters muscle growth.
underscore	нижнее подчеркивание	J 93 undrscore dexter at gmail dot com.
freak out	пугать или бесить	This appliance freaks me out, man!
wrinkle	морщина, сморщиваться	The first wrinkles appear under the eyes.
carcass	туша	The carcass of his horse was found near Alamos.
mustache (moustache)	усы	Zack wears a Salvador Dali moustache.
step in	вмешаться	The referee stepped in and ended the fight.
chill out	расслабиться	Just chill out and enjoy the moment.
predator	хищник	Tyrannosaurus Rex is a dangerous predator.
muster	собрать, согнать, мобилизовать	They have to muster the sheep and shear them.
pumpkin	тыква	Pick a pumpkin for Halloween.
tilt	наклонять, наклон	The train tilted about 10 degrees to the left.
hedge	живая изгородь	The farm is surrounded by a high hedge.
syllable	слог	The accent of this word is on the second syllable.
conceal	скрывать	Ron conceals the gun under his clothes.
pea	горошина	I hate peas, but I love pea soup.
hijack	угонять	I hijacked a car and drove around in it a bit.
strand	застрять, сесть на мель	The vessel was stranded, waiting for the tide to return.
look up	улучшаться, налаживаться	Things are looking up!
forge	подделывать	The doctor had allegedly forged the medical records.
compatible	совместимый	Andy 3D-printed a Lego-compatible block.
wail	вопить, вопль	Now listen to her wails.
gravy	подливка, соус	More gravy, please.
skull	череп	I'm afraid the skull is fake.
renovate	ремонтировать, обновлять	Maybe our house will be renovated as well.
flight attendant	бортпроводник	Our flight attendants are the face of Austrian Airlines.
decree	постановление, декрет, указ	I've read the decree from King Carl Johan.
will	воля, желание	And let us summon our will to do so.
sparse	редкий, разреженный	Soon the sparse woods ended.
burglar	вор взломщик	What else does a burglar aim to do besides stealing?
evade	уклоняться	This guy found a smart way to evade arrest.
clergy	духовенство	The clergy and nobility paid no tax.
colon	двоеточие	What should I put	a colon or a dash?
selfish	эгоистичный	She has always been a selfish woman.
intestine	кишечник	You should cleanse your intestine.
stifle	удушать	The hot, dusty desert air was stifling.
stern	суровый, строгий	Don't look so stern, ma'am.
lad	парень	I know this lad. He lives next door to me.
abide	смириться, выносить	I just can't abide crawling things.
threshold	порог	Many stumble over this threshold.
goof	балбес, придурок (амер.)	Please don't consider me a goof.
wool	шерсть, шерстяной	I urgently need to buy something wool.
lid	крышка	Even the sewer lids are cool in Dortmund.
quest	поиск	The quest for the Holy Grail was the greatest one.
plow	пахать, плуг	Yaks still plow fields in Tibet.
rug	коврик	Pull the rug from under him.
cut down	урезать, уменьшить	If you want to be slim, cut down your portion size.
adverse	неблагоприятный	It withstands the most adverse conditions.
loathe	ненавидеть, питать отвращение	Oh, how I loathe these moments!
rebound	отскочить, рикошет	The ball falls and rebounds.
devour	пожирать	He reminded me of Saturn devouring his son.
penetrate	проникать	The sunlight hardly penetrated the foliage.
shoot (shot, shot)	снимать, фотографировать	We shot that video on her job.
comb	расческа, причёсывать	Buy a comb and comb your dog every day.
pasture	пастбище	Out the back way, across the pasture.
merry	веселый	Ah, times are changed, the merry days are gone.
funnel	воронка	Don't fall into the funnel.
precarious	ненадёжный, шаткий	Their position seems quite precarious.
bulge	бугор, выпуклость	The diameter of the bulge is 3 inches.
mitigate	смягчить, сгладить	The bushes mitigated her fall.
twinkle	блеск, мерцание	She never lost the twinkle in her eyes.
thorn	шип, колючка	Try to use a cactus thorn.
countryside	сельская местность	I even thought about moving to the countryside.
thaw	оттепель, оттаивать	Tonight the thaw, tomorrow the frost will come back.
evaporate	испаряться	The warm water evaporates into cooler air.
flank	бок, фланг	I recognized it by the spots on its flank.
curb	бордюр или обочина	It's cold, sitting here on the curb.
bum	бомж или бездельник	A local bum greeted us with a peace sign.
exert	приложить, оказать	How much force is Carl exerting on the cart?
facet	грань, в т. ч. перен. (аспект)	I can't count the number of facets.
agitate	волновать	I crave banana pancakes when I get agitated.
magnify	увеличивать	I don't even have a good magnifying glass.
amplify	усиливать	Do not hook up to the amplifier.
diamond	бриллиант обычно алмаз	The majority of diamonds are mined in Africa.
ludicrous	нелепый, смехотворный	It's just ludicrous! It's so dumb!
horseback	верхом	Travel is restricted to foot and horseback.
altogether	в целом	The king had 19 wives and 45 sons altogether.
tart	пирог, обычно фруктовый	Who will cut the tart?
miserable	несчастный, жалкий	A small, poor, miserable worm.
abnormal	ненормальный, аномальный	His white fur is abnormal.
agitate	волновать	I crave banana pancakes when I get agitated.
magnify	увеличивать	I don't even have a good magnifying glass.
amplify	усиливать	Do not hook up to the amplifier.
diamond	бриллиант обычно алмаз	The majority of diamonds are mined in Africa.
ludicrous	нелепый, смехотворный	It's just ludicrous! It's so dumb!
horseback	верхом	Travel is restricted to foot and horseback.
altogether	в целом	The king had 19 wives and 45 sons altogether.
tart	пирог, обычно фруктовый	Who will cut the tart?
miserable	несчастный, жалкий	A small, poor, miserable worm.
abnormal	ненормальный, аномальный	His white fur is abnormal.
hook up	подключить, смонтировать	Everything is hooked up but nothing is working.
crumb	крошка, крупица	Do we have more breadcrumbs?
snatch	схватить, утащить	Look, the kingfisher snatched a fish from the water.
obscene	непристойный	So, what's obscene about that?
be off	отсутствовать	Let's do it while they are off.
clench	стиснуть, сжать	My hands were clenched in fists of rage. (с)
dissent	несогласие, не соглашаться	The system does not tolerate dissent.
preliminary	предварительный	Preliminary training takes years.
cannon	пушка	Take a picture of me with the cannon.
glue	клей, клеить	This glue is not suitable for general woodworking.
hoist	поднимать	Don't hoist me too high.
delinquent	правонарушитель	Mrs Aubrey doesn't know that her son is a delinquent.
intake	потребление, приём	Increase daily intake of protein.
fruitless	бесплодный	Our search was fruitless; not a single mushroom.
invoke	взывать, призывать	He must be invoking spirits or something.
plague	чума	Bubonic plague wiped out 25 million people.
leisure	досуг, отдых	Unlike me, Mike prefers active leisure.
gratify	удовлетворять, радовать	Mr. Brown seemed gratified by my interest.
foe	недруг	Friend or foe, it didn't make no difference now.
despise	презирать	Cats despise dogs.
clam	моллюск	We will eat clams today and tomorrow too.
breach	брешь, прорывать, пробивать	Let's go through the breach.
query	запрос	It's not Google's fault if users create stupid queries.
clockwise	по часовой стрелке	Does it rotate clockwise or counterclockwise?
dagger	кинжал	After lunch, I'll teach you to throw daggers.
hose	шланг	Hey you, don't step on the hose.
rope in (into)	втянуть в занятие	My husband roped me into this game. I can't stop.
bleach	отбелить, обесцветить	I found a sun-bleached ram skull there.
engender	зарождать, порождать	Of course, her very silence engendered rumors.
worship	почитать, поклоняться	Whom do you guys worship here?
expanse	пространство, простор	His boat was lost in the great expanse of waters.
allot	выделять, отводить	A portion of land is allotted for a new park.
remedy	средство	There are many remedies against insomnia.
covet	желать, вожделеть	Everyone did his best to win the coveted cup.
sight	достопримечаетльность	Nearly every building is a sight to see.
become of	случиться с к-л впоследствии	Do you know what became of that guy?
lipstick	губная помада	Here's a darker shade of lipstick that's fierce and bold.
infuse	вливать, настаивать	I infuse vodka with skittles to create Skittles Vodka!
patron	покровитель	St. John is our town's patron saint.
dub	дублировать	I didn't like how the movie was dubbed.
brag	хвастаться, кичиться	When he got drunk, he bragged about his women.
tattered	оборванный	Check the pockets of this tattered jacket.
imprint	отпечаток, отпечатывать	Can you identify a tree by this imprint?
circuit	схема, цепь, контур	The circuit is quite simple, indeed.
bowel	кишка	Liver, bowel, gallbladder	all clean.
borough	район, место	New York City consists of five boroughs.
plumbing	водопровод	Heating, electricity, plumbing and air-conditioning.
overtime	сверхурочная работа	The rules say that overtime doesn't count.
predecessor	предшественник	Obama is Trump's predecessor
successor	преемник	Trump is Obama's successor.
abrupt	крутой, резкий	The road ends abruptly at three concrete blocks.
layout	макет, расположение	The criminal studied the layout of the rooms.
sweep	размах, охват	The F-111A can change the sweep of its wings in flight.
deteriorate	ухудшать	Marijuana deteriorates memory.
weed	сорняк, пропалывать	Pick up the litter and pull up the weeds.
bucket	ведро, бадья	I found the bucket, but the water is off.
lodge	подавать (документ)	It's the last day for lodging an application.
eternal	вечный	Pause. Think about eternal things.
cheer on	болеть (за спорт)	This pub is a great place to cheer on your team.
comply	соблюдать, соответствовать	Your truck doesn't comply with the weight limit
crook	сгибать, искривлять	I think the trees were artificially crooked.
vicinity	окрестность, близость	In his teens, he explored the vicinities of Gordonsville.
sausage	колбаса	The sausage was made this morning, all organic.
let in on	посвящать (в секрет, план)	Harry, I'm gonna let you in on a little secret.
jealous	ревнивый	Her husband is as jealous as Otello.
imposing	внушительный, импозантный	What an imposing tower!
haircut	стрижка, причёска	No, I'll get a haircut and then meet Diana.
mound	насыпь, бугор	It looks like an artificial mound.
slump	спад, сваливаться	There is no reason for the slump in the gold price.
explicit	явный, откровенный	You should not post explicit photos like that.
implicit	подразумеваемый, неявный	It's rather a matter of implicit beliefs.
ward	округ, район	I need a breakdown ward by ward.
reminiscent	напоминающий	I spent the night at a mountain reminiscent of a cat.
put up with	принимать, мириться	Put up with your fate, man. You're a loser.
naughty	непослушный	He is a naughty and capricious imp.
grit	твёрдость, стойкость	He was a man of great grit and determination.
prairie	степь, прерия	It's a wonderful piece of midwestern prairie.
stroll	прогулка, прогуливаться	Tom proposed to take a stroll down to the river.
mess with	возиться, связываться и т.д.	Don't mess with kangaroos.
shrine	святыня	Now you know what Shinto shrines look like.
esteem	уважать, почитать, почтение	We regard him with esteem and affection.
leek	лук-порей	Chop up the leeks, green as well as white.
retention	удержание, сохранение	This proved to be a great customer retention strategy.
premature	преждевременный	I was born premature, so I was a frail kid.
mural	стенная роспись, фреска	I photograph every mural I see along my journey.
tickle	щекотать	It's me, tickling my housemate in 1982 or 1983.
foul	гадкий, скверный, грязный	But it was not the foulest work I've done.
clutch	сцеплять, сцепление	Clutch problems can be heard, felt or smelled.
awhile	какое-то время	How long? I don't know. Awhile.
knot	узел	This knot is not the most secure.
overhear	подслушать, нечаянно услышать	I'm sure she overheard our conversation.
ridge	хребет, ребро	The waterfall is right behind this ridge.
flicker	мерцать	The lighthouse started to flicker on and off.
fret	волновать (ся)	Yes, I understand, and I'll try not to fret.
amber	янтарь	My grandmother left me her amber pendant.
screw up	завалить, просрать	Sorry, mom. I screwed up my finals.
fringe	край, крайний	Keep walking along the fringe of the field.
vocation	призвание или профессия	But her true vocation was singing.
cheer up	взбодриться	Cheer up, people, it's not that bad.
jog	бегать трусцой	From now on, I'm going to jog every day.
snowball	снежок	I hit him with a snowball right in the head.
fiddle	скрипка	He used to play fiddle at La Scala.
skid	заносить, скользить, буксовать	To some extent, you can control the car in a skid.
sip	глоток	She took another sip through the straw.
peacekeeper	миротворец	UN peacekeepers failed to keep the peace.
watercolor	акварель	My darling, show Mr. Mouret your latest watercolor.
braid	коса или оплётка	Kalisa, the girl with braids and a Jamaican accent.
underwear	нижнее белье	I worry about having enough underwear for the trip.
crayon	цветной карандаш, мелок	Your father would buy her crayons by the truckload.
flare	вспышка, вспыхивать	I didn't see the flare behind me in the distance.
salvage	спасти, уберечь от потери	Part of the cargo was, however, salvaged.
toy with	подумывать о ч-л	I'm toying with the idea of going to Peru next year.
catch on	внезапно понять	It takes a while for him to catch on.
counterpart	аналог, коллега, и т. д.	It has smaller ears than its African counterpart.
millennium	тысячелетие	They appeared in the 4th millennium B.C.
well-off	обеспеченный	Golf was played mainly by well-off gentlemen.
intact	неповрежденный	The ship from the 17th century remained intact.
sift	просеять	She was sifting something white but not flour.
onward (onwards)	далее	From here onwards the road winds through the jungle.
eve	канун	We first met on Christmas Eve 4 years ago.
staple	скоба, скрепка	Pull the staples off and keep them.
stride (strode, stridden)	шагать, шаг	She strode along the shore, watching the waves.
plum	слива	Let's go pick plums.
host	множество	There is a host of documents on the subject.
judicial	судебная	He started his judicial career as a county judge.
show up	прийти, появиться	They don't expect me to show up at the party.
lash out	нападать, ругаться	A goose lashed out at us and chased us away.
embed	встроить, вставить	One of the cylinders was embedded in the wall.
majesty	величие, величество	I do not know why Your Majesty is angry with me.
bundle	связка, пучок, пачка	I have a bundle of thyme from an organic farm.
staple	скоба, скрепка	Pull the staples off and keep them.
stride (strode, stridden)	шагать, шаг	She strode along the shore, watching the waves.
plum	слива	Let's go pick plums.
host	множество	There is a host of documents on the subject.
judicial	судебная	He started his judicial career as a county judge.
show up	прийти, появиться	They don't expect me to show up at the party.
lash out	нападать, ругаться	A goose lashed out at us and chased us away.
embed	встроить, вставить	One of the cylinders was embedded in the wall.
majesty	величие, величество	I do not know why Your Majesty is angry with me.
bundle	связка, пучок, пачка	I have a bundle of thyme from an organic farm.
pass smth on	отдать (другому)	Mike took a sip and passed the bottle on to me.
adjacent	смежный, прилегающий	It's a building adjacent to the Chinese restaurant.
wheat	пшеница	The wheat crop was 4,810,000 bushels.
coax	убедить, соблазнить сделать	I tried to coax the bird on the rope to come to me.
handy	удобный	It's a handy place for washing carpets.
dwell	обитать, проживать	Troglodytes dwelled in these caves.
part-time	неполная занятость	Find a part-time job, like me.
catering	общественное питание	During my study, I worked in the catering industry.
mince	фарш, крошить, рубить	The mince has to be fresh, not frozen.
buffalo	буйвол или бизон	Buffaloes can sometimes be aggressive in nature.
mistress	любовница	Of course, she doesn't know about his mistress.
spot	заметить, увидеть	Spot the cat.
superintendent	управляющий, начальник	Adm. Miller, the academy's superintendent.
trophy	трофей, приз	493rd Fighter Squadron got this trophy.
tan	загар, загорать	My tan is much darker than yours.
ruthless	беспощадный	He is a ruthless killer, and he'll stop at nothing.
slab	плита, блок	But we can't move this slab!
viable	жизнеспособный	Thistle seeds can stay viable for 20 years.
amid (amidst)	среди	We stood amid the ruins of Persepolis.
erupt	извергаться	The artist witnessed the volcano erupting.
root out	искоренить	The authorities try to root out the drug industry.
appal	потрясать, ужасать	It was something appalling.
outstanding	выдающийся	O' Nolan was an outstanding novelist.
quarrel	ссора	Our quarrels never lasted longer than half an hour.
eclipse	затмение	Roger overslept the solar eclipse.
orchard	фруктовый сад	The beehives are on the other side of the orchard.
haunt	являться, преследовать (перен.)	She still haunts these deserted halls.
dispose of	избавиться	Dispose of your ballast in time.
set out for	отправиться	The following day, the Legion set out for Nador.
tweak	доделать, настроить (разг.)	It's in good order, but needs some tweaking.
disclose	раскрывать, обнаруживать	Sometimes the island discloses its secrets.
throng	толпа, толчея, толпиться	The throng hurried somewhere.
swoop	кинуться, напасть	The owl swooped down and grabbed the mouse.
coup	переворот	The result was the October coup.
theft	кража	What a brazen theft!
wipe out	уничтожить	Every living thing on the earth will be wiped out.
pebble	морской камень	It didn't look like a common pebble.
ashamed	пристыженный	The next day, I felt so ashamed.
tally	подсчитывать, подсчёт, итог	Let's tally your score.
draw up	составить (документ)	Let's draw up a scheme and discuss the matter.
primitive	первобытный	Primitive people didn't get heart attacks.
sorrow	горе, скорбь	I think this will ease your sorrow.
savior	спаситель	A statue of the Savior, not as big as the one in Rio.
come over	заходить (в гости)	I came over to ask about something.
burn out	выгореть, перегореть	If you don't want to burn out, don't work.
rinse	полоскать, полоскание	The water was icy, so we just rinsed our feet.
cinema	кино, кинотеатр	I like westerns, but only in the cinema.
prudent	разумный, осторожный	Lola tried to make a prudent decision.
black out	обесточить	The entire city is blacked out.
banner	знамя, транспарант	The underpass is under that banner.
complement	допонять, дополнение	These two characters complement each other.
mat	коврик, циновка	All you need for yoga is just a mat.
tangible	осязаемый	These rays are tangible and real.
clear off	убраться вон	It's my house, now clear off!
glamour	очарование, привлекательность	Enjoy the glitter and glamour of Las Vegas.
razor	бритва	How many times do you use a disposable razor?
worsen	ухудшать	In fact, the situation worsened considerably.
wreck	разрушать, крушение, развалина	Also, there are some rusty wrecked ships.
fall back on	опереться, прибегнуть	I lost everything and had nothing to fall back on.
behold	созерцать, видеть	Behold the sky, Where eagles fly. (с)
yacht	яхта	I guess I know whose yacht it is.
wrench	гаечный ключ	None of the wrenches fit.
nose around	рыскать, вынюхивать	Be careful. The cops are nosing around.
hut	хижина, лачуга, барак	Don't get into this hut, it can collapse.
blizzard	метель, буран	There is a blizzard outside, I'm not going anywhere.
pronounce	произносить	You pronounce them badly. Try again.
locus	местоположение	Happiness has a specific locus in the brain.
mumble	бормотать, бубнить	Irene was biting her nails and mumbling to herself.
hamper	затруднять, ограничивать	It's like a chain that hampers every step you take.
kernel	ядро	The walnut kernel is divided into two halves
stand by	поддерживать, быть наготове	Keep in mind, my guys are standing by.
loaf	буханка, булка	I'm gonna save the last loaf for myself.
barber	парикмахер	The barber always tells me new stories.
medieval	средневековый	I studied medieval military architecture.
empower	давать возможность, право	The law empowered police to check their status.
famine	голод	In British India drought entailed famine.
detention	задержание, арест	My detention was illegal.
figure	полагать, думать	I figured things were getting better.
sniff	нюхать, сопеть, фы и т. д.	One girl sniffed glue and went crazy.
sincere	искренний	I'm not kidding now. I'm absolutely sincere.
overthrow	свергнуть	Some day we will overthrow the government.
fling (flung, flung)	швырнуть	Why is he flinging the peanuts?
fungus	гриб, грибок	Our blackberry has a fungus problem.
enact	вводить (напр. закон)	The convention was enacted in 1840.
booze	выпивка	I don't have enough booze for everyone.
tug	тянуть, рывок	Come on, one more tug!
foreman	мастер, бригадир	I started off as a laborer, now I'm a foreman.
anguish	мука, страдание	Feelings of anguish inspired me to make a change.
fill up	наполнить целиком	The cup must be filled up to the brim.
virgin	девственница, дева	We should sacrifice a virgin, just in case.
equity	равноправие, справедливость	Equity derives from a concept of social justice.
copper	медь	Sell this copper coin to me.
replicate	воспроизвести	They replicated the battle of Chancellorsville.
unanimous	единогласный	But in the end, the decision was unanimous.
doll	кукла	I used to play with these old dolls of my mom.
spade	лопата	The frog deftly dodged the spade.
chatter	болтать, болтовня	I was getting a bit tired of his chatter.
dough	тесто	A good dough makes all the difference.
tier	ярус	Here's a view from the top tier.
wade	брод, переходить вброд	There is no bridge, but it's easy to wade across.
equity	равноправие, справедливость	Equity derives from a concept of social justice.
copper	медь	Sell this copper coin to me.
replicate	воспроизвести	They replicated the battle of Chancellorsville.
unanimous	единогласный	But in the end, the decision was unanimous.
doll	кукла	I used to play with these old dolls of my mom.
spade	лопата	The frog deftly dodged the spade.
chatter	болтать, болтовня	I was getting a bit tired of his chatter.
dough	тесто	A good dough makes all the difference.
tier	ярус	Here's a view from the top tier.
wade	брод, переходить вброд	There is no bridge, but it's easy to wade across.
intrinsic	присущий, внутренний	Think about your intrinsic values and goals.
topple	опрокинуть(ся)	He is the vandal who topples gravestones.
elicit	добиться, извлечь	Torture is an effective way to elicit confessions.
vain	напрасный, безрезультатный	The attempts to escape the handcuffs were in vain.
thirst	жажда	Wait, I'm dying of thirst.
adhere	придерживаться	Moshe adhered to all Jewish religious customs.
cavity	полость, впадина	Tony wanted to explore these cavities.
keep out of	не влезать	No, man, I'd rather keep out of all that.
debris	мусор, обломки, завалы	What can you find among this debris?
lobster	омар	My husband loves the way they cook lobsters.
bustle	суета, суматоха	I need a break from the hustle and bustle of London.
chuckle	посмеиваться	Niu chuckled and covered her mouth.
forthcoming	предстоящий	He is the director of the forthcoming festival.
gulf	залив	Qatar is a small peninsula in the Persian Gulf.
go over	просмотреть, изучить	Before going abroad, go over your English notes.
eminent	видный, уважаемый	But he was not only an eminent scientist.
trump	козырь	Don't play with me	all the trumps are mine.
thought	мысль	I tried to get rid of these indecent thoughts.
slime	слизь	What do you do with this green slime?
armor (armour)	броня, доспехи	This armor was owned by an Italian nobleman.
plunge	окунуться, нырнуть	What I want now is to plunge into cold water.
buddy	дружище, парень	So, buddy, don't talk to me like that!
hop	прыгать, скакать	The toad briskly hopped away.
pier	пристань, пирс	I didn't find her on the pier either.
hardy	выносливый	The species is very hardy, and it grows anywhere.
dim	тусклый	Nothing could be seen in the dim light.
tub	ванна, бадья	I want a tub like that one day.
avalanche	лавина	If an avalanche comes, we're goners here.
add to	увеличивать	Of course, danger adds to the excitement.
subside	утихать, спадать	The flood begins to subside.
handbook	руководство, справочник	It's the most comprehensive handbook on insects.
console	утешать	I'm not good at consoling people.
wedge	клин, клиновидный	Then drive the wedge into the log.
abound	изобиловать	Its waters abound with salmon.
expel	высылать, изгонять	Jesus expelled the money changers from the temple.
warmth	тепло	Enjoying the warmth, they quickly fell asleep.
sign up	записаться, зарегистрироваться	Sign up, take a chance.
conform	соответствовать	You must obey. You must conform.
diary	дневник	I have kept a diary since I can remember.
inhabit	населять, обитать в	The American bison inhabits grasslands.
skillet	сковорода (глубокая)	The skillet is so heavy!
settle for	согласиться на	My cat never settles for human food.
slipper	тапок	Tom took off his shoes and put on a pair of slippers.
clause	пункт, статья документа	How do you understand clause 380?
useful	полезный	Can I do anything more useful than this?
handkerchief	носовой платок	Bring your handkerchief, hold the wound right here.
up-to-date	современный, актуальный	Here are the up-to-date statistics on the site.
count on	рассчитывать на	I wouldn't count on the reliability of this bridge.
arch	арка, изгибать	The triumphal arch in Brooklyn was built in 1892.
stay up	не ложиться	I stayed up all night reading that book.
shut up	заткнуться	Shut up. I don't wanna hear a word from you.
firework	фейерверк, петарда	Last year's firework was much better.
grieve	горевать	On the left you can see a statue of a grieving lady.
groan	стон, стонать	He tried to stand up and groaned in pain.
plausible	правдоподобный	The excuse looked quite plausible.
drawback	недостаток	His only drawback is his lack of speed.
latch	защёлка, засов	Mark, how does this latch work?
fir	ель	Firs, nothing but snowy firs.
pry	любопытствовать, совать нос	Don't pry into my life and my family affairs.
sheer	явный, полный, чистый	The city was in sheer darkness.
whiz	просвистеть, пронестись	A bullet whizzed close by and smacked into a tree.
overturn	опрокинуть (ся)	On the way back, our boat overturned.
bark	лаять	It barked and tried to bite me.
reconcile	примириться	The next day we reconciled.
statutory	установленный законом	There are no exclusions to the statutory regime.
insult	оскорбление, оскорблять	Giving the middle finger is an insulting gesture.
lay off	уволить, сократить	The government laid off 1/3 of its civil servants.
spike	шип, штырь, острие, клин	The head on the spike is $275 in their shop.
bang	удар, взрыв	The big bang happened by chance.
memories	воспоминания	All I have left are memories.
swirl	кружить, вихрь, водоворот	I close my eyes and see swirls of colors.
hum	гудеть, жужжать	The wind hummed in the wires overhead.
lurk	таиться	The bear was lurking in the bushes ahead of them.
mainland	материк или большой остров	He got the boat running and went to the mainland.
cart	телега	She and her sister sold milk from a dogcart.
substantive	существенный, основной	Many consider it to be his most substantive work.
dire	страшный, тяжёлый	That policy resulted in dire poverty.
rite	церемония, ритуал	I was allowed to attend the shamanic rite.
bead	шарик, бусинка	Nick, have you seen my beads?
lineup	расстановка, расположение	I don't know what our lineup is yet.
symbol	символ	In Israel, the 'At' symbol is referred to as 'strudel'.
warfare	военные действия	The warfare was resumed with redoubled energy.
stalk	стебель	Bamboo stalks grow to more than 20 feet tall.
tout	рекламировать, нявязывать	The traveling salesman touted his elixir.
dairy	молочные продукты	I decided to cut out meat and dairy.
oppress	угнетать, притеснять	They are the most oppressed minority.
emperor	император	Nero was the last emperor of the dynasty.
nutrient	питательный, пит. вещество	Fish is a source of many important nutrients.
sly	лукавый, коварный	Remember, son: women are sly.
outweigh	перевешивать	My scale outweighs yours.
flashlight	фонарик	We should've brought one more flashlight.
discretion	благоразумие, усмотрение	The decision was left to my discretion.
feed on	питаться	The koala feeds on eucalyptus leaves.
rhyme	рифма	'Forever' is a hackneyed rhyme for 'together'.
revenge	месть	Revenge is a dish best served cold. (c)
dead end	тупик	Have you read 'Endless Dead End'?
envy	зависть	No, not really envy. Just happy for you.
gem	(полу)драгоценный камень	They also mine gems and are excellent craftsmen.
duration	продолжительность	The duration of the course is 20 weeks.
spur	шпора, побуждать	On my signal, spur your horses.
heap	куча	It must be right under that heap of stones.
guise	облик, личина	He will come in a guise of a man, a beggar.
butt	задница	Check it out, it looks like a butt.
axis	ось	The axis is tilted 23.5 degrees from the ecliptic.
nap	вздремнуть, дремота	He probably just needed a nap.
loom	маячить, виднеться	The sun was still looming on the horizon.
enchant	околдовать, очаровать	Come with me to the enchanted forest.
squirt	тонкая струя	Simon attacked me with a squirt gun.
jingle	звенеть, звон	The wall flinched, the keys jingled.
creed	вероисповедание, убеждение	No matter what your creed is.
sill	подоконник, порог	Three cats sat on a window sill.
notch	выемка	The notch at the top of the display houses a speaker.
hierarchy	иерархия	Explain how Maslow's hierarchy of needs works.
puppy	щенок	My mom let me keep that puppy.
booth	будка, кабина	Let's hide in the telephone booth.
waver	дрогнуть	The candle flame wavered.
archive	архив	I think it was just stolen from the archive.
cleanse	очищать	It also cleanses the organism of toxins.
apron	фартук, передник	Murph, put on an apron and give me a hand.
custody	охрана, стража или опека	You will be put in custody for three days.
dome	купол, свод	Its dome can be seen from all over the city.
fill in on	посвятить (в подробности)	Now let me fill you in on the plan of action.
outdated	устаревший	He has a pile of outdated cell phones.
abolish	упразднять	When slavery became inefficient, it was abolished.
downturn	спад	Many analysts fear the downturn will deepen.
dental	зубной, стоматологический	I have a dental appointment next Tuesday.
errand	поручение	I have a special errand for you.
overflow	переполняться, разлиться	It prevents the Lake from overflowing its banks.
span	пролёт, интервал	Every span of the bridge is 150-metre long.
robe	халат, мантия, одеяние	Burmese monks wear red robes.
dome	купол, свод	Its dome can be seen from all over the city.
fill in on	посвятить (в подробности)	Now let me fill you in on the plan of action.
outdated	устаревший	He has a pile of outdated cell phones.
abolish	упразднять	When slavery became inefficient, it was abolished.
downturn	спад	Many analysts fear the downturn will deepen.
dental	зубной, стоматологический	I have a dental appointment next Tuesday.
errand	поручение	I have a special errand for you.
overflow	переполняться, разлиться	It prevents the Lake from overflowing its banks.
span	пролёт, интервал	Every span of the bridge is 150-metre long.
robe	халат, мантия, одеяние	Burmese monks wear red robes.
roadway	проезжая часть	We have no option but to walk on the roadway.
bonfire	костер	Jill flicked a cigarette butt into the bonfire.
crackle	потрескивание	There was total quiet except for the crackle of flames.
ammunition	боеприпасы	Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition. ©
saucepan	кастрюля или сковорода	Don't hit my saucepan.
bandage	повязка	Is the bandage too tight?
mantle	мантия	This is a mantle of a Russian empress.
commonwealth	содружество	The British Commonwealth includes 54 countries.
stall	палатка, ларёк	In summer fast food stalls appear everywhere.
scribble	криво написать, нацарапать	He scribbled a couple of lines and put the pen down.
frayed	потрёпанный	I was going to replace the frayed laces.
precinct	полицейский участок	The action takes place in the fictional 99th precinct.
glimpse	вид (мельком или уголком)	I happened to get a glimpse of that room.
deft	ловкий, проворный	His movements were deft and sure.
outright	прямой, откровенный	Much of this story is outright fiction.
imperative	обязательный, необходимый	It is imperative that water be boiled before consuming.
breakthrough	прорыв, достижение	This could be a real breakthrough.
navy	военно-морской флот	Robin joined the Navy to see the world.
flick	короткое резкое движение	He can destroy you with one flick of his finger.
book	купить, забронировать	I should have booked a room in advance.
indifferent	безразличный	Joseph remained indifferent to his fate.
thermal	тепловой	Take a look at the thermal image of a dog.
clout	влияние, влиятельность	He already had a lot of clout in the country.
gauge	измерить, изм. прибор	How do I know that the gauge is functional?
peasant	крестьянин	I wouldn't want to be a peasant.
jut	выступать, выдаваться	The pier juts out into the Tyrrhenian Sea.
spoil	портить	Some dickhead spoiled my work.
tumor (tumour)	опухоль	In the end, however, he died not from a tumor.
nostril	ноздря	A horse can only breathe through its nostrils.
singular	единственный, особый	It's our singular purpose and mission.
high-end	высококлассный, лидирующий	Not everyone can afford a high-end audio system.
aboard	на борту	Welcome aboard!
air	вид, впечатление	She walked along the shore with a pensive air.
rim	край, обод	The text along the rim is in Greek.
facial	лицевой	This app analyses facial beauty.
adversary	противник, соперник	But he is still a worthy adversary.
lure	приманка, манить	Light lures insects.
wary	осторожный, настороженный	Some dogs are wary of strangers.
cuddle	обнимать, прижимать	OK, we had a bit of a cuddle, that's all.
outnumber	превосходить численно	The Boers were outnumbered.
tied up	занятый	Don't you see I'm tied up?
necklace	ожерелье	My necklace, the one that got lost.
snore	храп, храпеть	Wake up this snoring lady.
taunt	насмехаться, насмешка	Akanbe is a Japanese gesture indicating a taunt.
waive	отказаться, воздержаться от	You can waive your right to an attorney.
come across	встретить (случайно)	Last night I came across Mick Jagger on the street.
solution	раствор	Now add sulphuric acid to the solution.
for real	правда, серьёзно	- For real?	For real.
map out	запланировать, расписать	Your life is mapped out by God. Or maybe not.
fluffy	пушистый	It was an adorable white and fluffy rabbit.
nitrogen	азот	Now we use liquid nitrogen.
triple	тройной	These measures can have a triple effect.
aerial	антенна	I've just fixed the aerial after the hurricane.
lock up	посадить в тюрьму или дурку	No wonder she was locked up.
adorn	украшать	This kind of chandelier would adorn any hall.
mean (meant, meant)	предназначать	This building is meant to be a student residence.
hebrew	еврейский	Jacob learns Hebrew intensively.
jab	ударять, пихать	Now I'm gonna jab harder, hold on.
navigate	ориентироваться, ходить по курсу	We were advised to navigate with great caution.
clear out	убирать, забирать	Sometimes we should clear out some of our junk.
redundant	избыточный	As he said, the last one is redundant.
commemorate	отметить, почтить	In 2015 we commemorated the 70th anniversary.
scrape together	наскрести (денег)	I scraped some money together for a ticket.
jug	кувшин	He brought us a jug of homemade brandy.
furnace	печь	I have a truly hellish job	I work at a blast furnace.
furnish	обставлять, меблировать	The house is still furnished in Victorian style.
roam	бродить, блуждать	Eagles fly overhead, and buffalos roam.
mid	середина, полу-	I thought him to be in his mid-twenties or older.
pardon	извинять, извинение	I beg your pardon, you said something?
niche	ниша	It must have been a lamp niche.
lease	сдавать в аренду	They don't sell cars, they lease them.
ladder	лестница	Last year I fell from the ladder.
compress	сжимать, прессовать	It shoots by compressed air.
dash	бросать, бросаться	The monkey dashed towards Bernie.
stick together	держаться вместе	We were told to stick together not to lose each other.
utter	полный, абсолютный	I felt an utter failure for the first time in my life.
bride	невеста	My brother's bride is fond of baseball.
inmate	обитатель	It's a story about inmates of a madhouse.
sneeze	чихать	This dust made us all sneeze.
listen in on	подслушивать	Big Brother listens in on all your phone calls.
renown	известность, слава	Their renown doesn't extend beyond the country.
shroud	пелена, окутывать	A thick gray mist shrouded Hong Kong.
come off	отвалиться	The wheels suddenly come off.
slaughter	бойня (в т. ч. перен.), забивать	The rest of the cows went to slaughter.
tenant	арендатор	The tenants almost always pay in time.
apprentice	ученик, стажёр	He started as an apprentice shoemaker.
hail	окликнуть, привлечь внимание	I hailed a car and got a ride here.
ram	баран	The black rams are mine. So are the white ones.
get out of	избежать, отмазаться	I am so glad I got out of doing that!
cradle	колыбель	Several generations slept in this cradle.
awesome	здорово, классно	It was awesome, thank you, guys.
lest	чтобы не, иначе	Avoid this valley lest he eats you up.
sever	разрывать, разъединять	They fixed the severed rope with a clamp.
upwards (upward)	вверх	The parrot looked upwards amazedly.
nephew	племянник	I'd like to introduce you to my nephew.
fend for (oneself)	позаботиться о (себе)	I was left to fend for myself in the forest.
fray	драка, бой, соревнование	You can't stay out of the fray.
toddler	малыш (1-2 года)	I have a wife and a toddler to get back home to.
ankle	лодыжка, щиколотка	Just tuck the jeans to the ankle-bone.
cushion	подушка (маленькая)	The remote was under the cushion.
wardrobe	шкаф, гардероб	Some day I'll pick out my wardrobe.
nun	монахиня	The nun was playing solitaire.
palace	дворец	It's the second most visited palace in India.
sprinkle	побрызгать, посыпать	I sprinkle coffee cake with brown sugar.
terminate	прекратить, завершить (офиц.)	Some contracts were terminated this year.
swamp	болото, топь	Keep away from this swamp!
lapse	промежуток времени	Two months is a considerable lapse of time.
anew	заново	After the quake, the city was built anew from scratch.
entice	соблазнять	They were easy to entice by false promises.
dock	причал, док	Go to the dock and find my boat.
limp	хромать	Zach limps a bit. He is already 14 years old.
placid	тихий, спокойный	We were fortunate, the lake was placid.
baptize	крестить	I'm baptized but not much of a believer.
brawl	шумная драка, скандал	His funeral ended in a total boozy brawl.
disdain	пренебрегать, презирать	Louis disdains women and entertainment.
shiver	дрожь, дрожать	I'm shivering with cold. May I get in?
nipple	сосок	Steve, quit staring at my nipples.
lump	кусок, глыба, ком	I left the bag at the lump of sandstone.
daunt	пугать, обескураживать	The prospect daunts me, I do not deny it.
swarm	рой, роиться, толпиться	A flock of black birds swarmed over the boat.
throw up	блевануть	I always throw up after drinking alcohol.
warden	смотритель, надзиратель	The warden must not see us.
renew	возобновлять	Finally, they are renewing the pipelines.
put out	обременять, стеснять	I hope I'm not putting you out, bro?
hydrogen	водород	The hydrogen atom consists of a proton and an electron.
grim	мрачный, зловещий	One cannot escape the Grim Reaper.
deem	считать (чем-либо)	I deem it particularly inexcusable.
consequent	последующий, вытекающий	Each consequent value is a sum of two previous.
dodge	уворачиваться, уклоняться, уловка	I am not Neo	I can't dodge bullets.
nourish	питать, кормить, удобрять	These treatments will moisturize, nourish your skin.
throw up	блевануть	I always throw up after drinking alcohol.
warden	смотритель, надзиратель	The warden must not see us.
renew	возобновлять	Finally, they are renewing the pipelines.
put out	обременять, стеснять	I hope I'm not putting you out, bro?
hydrogen	водород	The hydrogen atom consists of a proton and an electron.
grim	мрачный, зловещий	One cannot escape the Grim Reaper.
deem	считать (чем-либо)	I deem it particularly inexcusable.
consequent	последующий, вытекающий	Each consequent value is a sum of two previous.
dodge	уворачиваться, уклоняться, уловка	I am not Neo	I can't dodge bullets.
nourish	питать, кормить, удобрять	These treatments will moisturize, nourish your skin.
outlaw	преступник (особ. на свободе)	Tannen, an outlaw, a robber, a highwayman.
obese	страдающий ожирением	Many obese people suffer from depression.
stature	рост	Bob has problems caused by his stature.
fragile	хрупкий	Fresh-water ice is fragile but hard.
oral	устный, ротовой	Ariane gave a comprehensive oral report.
wizard	волшебник	You must have heard of this prominent wizard.
revolt	восстание, бунт	It took the allies two years to put down the revolt.
compact	договор	The strategic compact was signed by all countries.
barefoot	босиком	I prefer walking barefoot in summer.
bog	болото, трясина	The bog smelled like wet moss.
waiter	официант	He's the same waiter from last time.
nanny	няня	No, our nanny is not Swedish.
multitude	множество	It's hard to pick out one among the multitude.
flock	стадо, стая	The flock of starlings attacked the farm.
rein	сдерживать, держать в узде	Joaquin didn't know how to rein the horse properly.
shrimp	креветка	The shrimps are too spicy, we need more beer.
confide	доверить, вверить	It was my mistake to confide in her.
hollow	полый	I heard a growl from this hollow log.
livelihood	средства к существованию	He earns his livelihood playing violin near the Louvre.
cabbage	капуста	I heard you had cabbage for sale?
hoop	обруч, обод	Only a hoop left from the basket.
swallow	проглатывать, глоток	It swallowed your mouse.
elude	ускользнуть, увернуться	To my surprise, the rabbit eluded his grasp.
lumber	пиломатериалы	Grab some lumber and get started.
specimen	образец, экземпляр	The specimens are stored in this box.
veer	резко свернуть	I just practiced veering.
knit	вязать	Your all wear knitted garments, don't you?
at the moment	сейчас	Sorry, I'm a bit busy at the moment.
doom	гибель, рок, обречённость и т. д.	The sketch is called 'A Doomed Mission'.
peek	вгзлянуть, подсмотреть	All right, I promise I won't peek.
embassy	посольство	Looks like an embassy. Whose flag is it?
luggage	багаж	I had to pay a big charge for the excess luggage.
encompass	охватывать, заключать	The process encompasses almost all countries.
strew (strewn, strewn)	разбрасывать	The beach was strewn with all sorts of litter.
applause	аплодисменты	This story was met with applause.
ferocious	свирепый	He is a ferocious but nice tiger.
hideous	отвратительный, ужасный	That guy looked worse than that hideous monster.
rogue	жулик, проходимец	Is your point that I'm a rogue?
lane	полоса дороги	Cars can't drive on the bus lane.
tell from	отличить	Can you tell Jack Daniels from Lagavulin 16?
remainder	оставшаяся часть	They drove the remainder of the way in silence.
wretched	жалкий, несчастный	Sméagol becomes hideous wretched Gollum.
twilight	сумерки	Childe Hassam, 'Boston Common at Twilight', 1886.
vein	вена	Come closer — do you see the vein?
hood	капюшон	My hood was on, but he recognized me from afar.
buckle up	пристегнуться	Ever since then, I buckle up.
accessory	принадлежность, аксессуар	Camera with all accessories, excellent condition.
maternal	материнский	Maternal morbidity and mortality were reduced to a minimum.
clog	загромождать	The canal was clogged with weeds.
strand	прядь, нить (об. скрученная)	DNA strand is transcribed for individual genes.
blouse	блузка	Hey, nice blouse!
earthquake (quake)	землетрясение	The earthquake is growing more intense.
turn into	превращать (ся)	It's time to turn into a wolf.
jumper	джемпер	Look at the jumper, hardly worn.
shove	резко толкнуть, пихнуть	No, I'll just shove you off into the water.
catch up with	догнать	You go ahead	I'll catch up with you later.
get at	клонить, намекать	Do you understand what I am getting at?
ambulance	скорая помощь	The ambulance is slow in coming.
kindergarten	детский сад	I was never late for kindergarten again.
hue	цвет, оттенок	I believe the appropriate hue is avocado.
enlighten	просветить	Well, then, let me enlighten you.
glasses	очки	I think she wears glasses just to look smarter.
saturated	насыщенный	The colors look too saturated, don't they?
cork	пробка	Jerry saves all the corks.
recur	повторяться, возвращаться	This pattern recurs over and over again.
alienate	отчуждать, отдалять, отвергать	I felt lost and alienated in this school.
twitch	дёргаться	You make my eye twitch.
celestial	астрономический, небесный	There are 14 types of celestial objects.
timely	своевременный	His arrival was timely. He was professional.
posture	поза	George froze in an awkward posture.
hopeful	внушающий надежды	It was a hopeful sign, I thought.
procure	достать, добыть, обеспечить	It's the only place to procure fresh fruits around here.
go for	выбирать, предпочитать	Most girls go for tall guys.
contaminate	загрязнять	This shit contaminates the river.
sprawl	растягиваться, расползаться	Goddamn Moscow keeps sprawling.
wiggle	шевелить	I wiggled my toes and fingers.
orphan	сирота	No, he doesn't look like an orphan.
meadow	луг	I found myself in a wonderful meadow.
regain	восстановить, вернуть себе	Napoleon regained power in March 1815.
career	карьера	How is your family? How is your career?
rotten	гнилой	Throw a rotten apple at him.
voyage	путешествие, рейс	Every voyage has its own flavour.
policy	политика, курс	I approve of your policy, mr. President.
dice (pl: dice)	кубик (игральный)	Come on, roll the dice.
block up	забиться (о канале)	The pipes must be blocked up :(
refresh	обновлять, освежить	Is it a fine color to refresh the wall?
pick out	выбрать или выделить из	I'd pick out the black one.
brink	грань, край	We have been on the brink of death many times.
deficient	недостаточный, неполный	The soil is deficient in iron, the leaves go yellow.
tutor	репетитор, преподаватель	Our Peter is the best tutor ever.
align	выравнивать, выстраивать	The ships aligned in 7 rows.
mourn	скорбеть, носить траур	It's their mourning custom.
carriage	каретка	The Queen rides in a very good carriage.
bulb	лампа, колба	Can you put the bulb into your mouth?
pull off	справиться, вытянуть	I think I pulled that off pretty damn well.
asylum	убежище	The popes found asylum within its walls.
deity	божество	Ganesha is a deity that is worshipped by traders.
greenhouse	теплица, оранжерея	Is it the greenhouse garden?
inhale	вдыхать	Inhale as much air as you can.
exhale	выдыхать	He exhaled, vapor puffing from his mouth and nostrils.
groom	жених	How old is her groom?
set down	написать, установить	Set down your plan for the year ahead.
den	логово, берлога	My dog accidentally found a bear's den.
turmoil	смятение, беспорядок	This nation is in permanent turmoil.
thwart	помешать, сорвать	The bridge was bombed out, the attack was thwarted.
concede	уступить	Sarkozy conceded the election to Hollande.
run counter	противоречить	But it runs counter to your earlier statements!
rugged	неровный, грубый	Theo walked up a rugged, steep path.
fury	ярость, бешенство	Beware its fury.
stew	тушить, рагу	Stewed meat with leeks, lentils, carrots and spices.
chess	шахматы	Two middle-aged men played chess.
stump	пень	15 steps northward from the old stump.
vase	ваза	The flash drive is in my black African vase.
traitor	изменник	A traitor informed the Persians of a secret path.
desktop	настольный	I can't decide whether I need a desktop PC or a tablet.
ID	удостоверение личности	Let me see your ID.
hurdle	препятствие	They went over the last hurdle simultaneously.
grove	лесок	Mikhail Clodt (1832–1902). Oak Grove
allegiance	верность	I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States…
overlap	перекрываться	It consists of three overlapping rhombuses.
summon	вызывать	Do you know how to summon an ambulance?
awkward	неуклюжий	This bird looks awkward, but it isn't.
felon	преступник, уголовник	All of his family are felons.
ship	доставлять	That is why we choose to ship them by air.
wash up	помыть посуду	Whose turn is it to wash up?
revolve	вращаться	The central entrance, with a revolving door.
mix up	перепутать	Don't mix up the gifts.
token	знак, признак, маркер	As a token of appreciation, he was given a plaque.
midst	середина, среда	J. was found in a temple in the midst of teachers.
childhood	детство	Tell me, what was your childhood like?
extort	вымогать	We rob, extort money, kidnap.
proficient	опытный, умелый	A little practice, and you'll become quite proficient.
burn down	сгореть, сжечь (полностью)	The house was burned down for a scene in the movie.
villain	негодяй	I'd like to play a supervillain.
oriental	восточный, азиатский	Seaweeds are mainly eaten in Oriental countries.
cargo	груз, грузовой	We don't carry any precious cargo.
lament	оплакивать, сожалеть	Everybody lamented his untimely death.
gloss	глянец, лоск	Well, I wore the totally wrong gloss.
soothe	успокаивать	This ointment also soothes the itch.
trash	мусор	We need more trash bags.
solemn	торжественный, серьёзный	I fail to be serious on solemn occasions.
sanctuary	убежище или заповедник	It's the biggest giraffe sanctuary in Kenya.
paddle	грести, весло	The next moment the paddle fell from her hands.
branch	филиал, ответвление	Today, the company has seven branches.
anytime	в любой момент	It can erupt anytime without warning.
ambush	засада	He foresaw the ambush and got ready.
ominous	зловещий	Norah heard ominous footsteps behind her.
pay back	вернуть деньги	I expect you to pay it back as soon as you can.
smother	задушить	He smothered McMurphy with a pillow and broke out.
clever	умный	Owls were always considered clever creatures.
silly	глупый	She is silly but funny.
come along	продвигаться (о работе)	How is the building coming along?
ant	муравей	Every ant in this colony is so precious to me.
yearn	тосковать, жаждать	She yearned for me but not for long.
ignite	воспламеняться	How could I expect it to ignite?
intercourse	отношения или пол. сношение	You know, I talk during intercourse too.
atrocity	зверство, злодеяние	We are ready for new atrocities.
fasten	закрепить	Fasten the seat belts, please.
stale	несвежий	They make croutons of stale bread.
glacier	ледник	Visit the glaciers of Patagonia before they've melted.
friction	трение	List some ways to reduce friction.
animate	живой, одушевлённый, оживлять	Both animate and inanimate objects have souls.
lyrics	текст песни	The lyrics are written under the notes.
usage	применение	It's cheap and simple in usage.
come by	найти, заполучить	This is how Aladdin came by the magic lamp.
wink	подмигивать	They wink at me for no reason. I can wink too.
hail	приветствовать	Let's hail him as he deserves.
pledge	обещание, обязательство	Your New Year's pledges are unrealistic.
surplus	избыток, излишек (экон.)	A surplus of tomatoes is the result.
antique	старинный	I have an antique coffee grinder.
ripple	рябь или пульсация	Human happiness is a ripple in the river of time.
bewilder	смущать, сбивать с толку	He is bewildered, not knowing what to do next.
piss off	бесить	Man, you are pissing me off!
consecutive	последующий по времени	For six consecutive years things got worse.
rag	тряпка	I'm a rag next to them.
cruel	жестокий	Cruel crimes are committed every day.
growl	рычать	He growled and looked at me suspiciously.
tread	ступать, шагать	Tread with caution so as not to creak.
trout	форель	Let's cook this trout for dinner.
rust	ржавчина	It's completely covered with rust.
utter	издать, произнести	I just could not utter a word.
exquisite	утончённый, изысканный	The exquisite service is reflected in every small detail.
wicked	злобный, безнравственный	Her wicked sister doesn't know anything yet.
settle in	освоиться	He quickly settled in and now feels himself at home.
violin	скрипка	This violin has a powerful and clear sound.
minor	несовершеннолетний	Minors find a way to get a hold of alcohol.
deception	обман	This makes an irritating optical deception.
hay	сено	He had a Kalashnikov rifle under the hay.
runaway	беглый, беглец	All runaway slaves must be returned to their owners.
slut	шлюха	How dare you! She is not a slut!
maid	служанка, горничная	She worked as a maid for a rich family.
hitch	заминка, помеха	Don't worry, it's okay. Just a little hitch.
adamant	непреклонный	However, we were adamant in our position.
sinister	зловещий	It's a really sinister place.
ostensibly	по видимости, якобы	Bin Laden was ostensibly killed in 2011.
seasoning	приправа	At the worst, put some Maggi seasoning in it.
vigor	сила, энергия, здоровье	That's the source of my vigor for the day.
hand down	передать (по наследству)	My father handed down his craft to me.
mimic	передразнивать, копировать	She mimicked the cow, and the cow mooed.
live up to	соответствовать, дотягивать	No one of them lives up to my standards.
maid	служанка, горничная	She worked as a maid for a rich family.
hitch	заминка, помеха	Don't worry, it's okay. Just a little hitch.
adamant	непреклонный	However, we were adamant in our position.
sinister	зловещий	It's a really sinister place.
ostensibly	по видимости, якобы	Bin Laden was ostensibly killed in 2011.
seasoning	приправа	At the worst, put some Maggi seasoning in it.
vigor	сила, энергия, здоровье	That's the source of my vigor for the day.
hand down	передать (по наследству)	My father handed down his craft to me.
mimic	передразнивать, копировать	She mimicked the cow, and the cow mooed.
live up to	соответствовать, дотягивать	No one of them lives up to my standards.
fleet	флот	The British fleet entered Habana on August 21.
ascertain	выяснить, установить	It took 4 days to ascertain the source of the poisoning.
tinker with	возиться, пытаться сделать	Chuck was tinkering with his motherboard.
block out	блокировать, не пускать	Use fences to block out the zombies.
violet	фиолетовый	All of a sudden, everything turned violet.
brim	край сосуда	I filled it to the brim...don't spill.
premise	предпосылка	I drove the conclusion from the wrong premise.
marvel	диво, удивляться	Look at this marvel of technology.
poise	равновесие, самообладание	Don't lose your poise. Stay focused.
amenity	удобство, обустройство	The pool amenities are impressive as well.
mediate	посредничать	Russia mediated in the negotiations.
moan	стонать	She moaned and arched herself up.
mustard	горчица	Beer, sausage, and mustard are my main food.
humble	скромный, смиренный	I am just a humble dog.
remorse	раскаяние	Robin felt remorse, and yet...
marital	супружеский	They have strange marital laws.
garnish	гарнир, украшение	The garnish is simple but pleasing.
hack	рубить, кромсать	Diego hacked it apart with his machete.
revere	почитать	He is still revered by millions of his fans.
reap	пожинать	As you sow, so shall you reap, says the Bible.
thrive	процветать, преуспевать	China thrives on global trade.
eloquent	красноречивый, выразительный	Mr. Levy was eloquent and poetic.
crude	сырой, грубый, необработанный	We buy the least expensive crude oil.
puppet	кукла, марионетка	There are four styles of Chinese puppet theater.
prejudice	предубеждение, предрассудок	He had some prejudices against Jews.
grumble	ворчать, жаловаться	Old Tomas grumbled at the weather and the prices.
herald	возвестить, вестник	He will herald a new era.
acquit	оправдать (в суде)	Completely unexpectedly, William was acquitted.
tribute	дань	Tribute was paid in both goods and gold.
stick at	упорно продолжать	This game isn't hard to master — if you stick at it.
claw	коготь, клешня	Holy crap! Whose claws are these?
come out	выходить (напр. об альбоме)	The first movie ever made in history came out in 1895.
stance	поза, положение	'Fighting stance', he instructed.
snort	фыркнуть, хмыкнуть	The kangaroo snorted and shook his head.
digest	переваривать	A sound stomach digests any crap.
beckon	манить	'Then follow me,' he said, and beckoned me inside.
surpass	превзойти	It empowered me to surpass my own limitations.
lucrative	прибыльный, выгодный	Bitcoin is not the most lucrative cryptocurrency.
dye	краска, краситель	We use only natural plant dyes for our work.
dial	набирать номер	Dial Mr. Fenstermacher immediately.
deprive	лишать	I felt like a fish deprived of water.
frantic	неистовый, бешеный	The tradition is reflected in this frantic dance.
discrete	отдельный, разрозненный	Light acts as if it consists of discrete particles.
blow up	накачивать, надувать	I like blowing up balloons.
timber	древесина, лесоматериалы	The sanctions on timber were imposed in June.
vow	клятва, торжественное обещание	They exchanged vows and rings.
feminine	женский	You know nothing about feminine beauty.
break up	разорвать отношения	It's time for us to break up. It's not you, it's me.
cough	кашель	Tom coughed to hide a giggle.
chunk	кусок	The otter stole the biggest chunk of meat.
pillar	столб, опора, колонна	He tried to unearth the mystery of the hanging pillar.
cohesion	единство, согласие	This will just reinforce our cohesion.
envision	воображать	This develops your ability to envision things.
cute	привлекательный, милый	Oh, she can be cute, when she wants.
frost	мороз	Frost and sunshine: day of wonder!
cue	сигнал, намёк	She glanced at the clock. His cue to leave.
stove	плита	Get away from the stove, don't bother me.
scrape through	с трудом пройти	Eventually, I scraped through the finals.
verse	стих	Learn this verse. I will check you.
rigorous	строгий, тщательный	They require rigorous control.
footprint	след	This is a brown bear's rear footprint.
squirrel	белка	Squirrels don't need much to make them happy.
hit on	клеить, подкатывать	I only hit on girls who clearly want me to.
portable	портативный, переносной	The portable toilet is over there if you need it.
ripe	созревший	Only one berry was ripe.
wobble	качаться, шататься	My heart skips a beat when it wobbles.
diverge	расходиться	Soon after, our paths diverged.
converge	сходиться, сближаться	Bit by bit, our views begin to converge.
odor (odour)	запах	I like the odor of new books.
sideline	что-то вторичное	He took on teaching music as a sideline.
versatile	универсальный, разносторонний	I lost my versatile Swiss knife.
amateur	любитель, любительский	I'm an amateur but gifted footballer.
rut	борозда, колея, рутина	I'm in a rut, and I need a change.
hinge	петля, шарнир	The hinge squeaked again, even more loudly.
die out	вымереть	Around 95% of all living species died out.
grudge	обида, злоба	She has a grudge against me personally.
acclaim	приветствовать, аплодировать	The crowd acclaimed the new king.
shaft	вал, ось, стержень	Unscrew the gear from the shaft.
inland	внутренний, вглубь страны	Our house is less than a mile inland.
flood in	наплыть, валить потоком	Immigrants are flooding in like hell.
garment	предмет одежды	Take with you no more than ten garments.
shudder	содрогаться, дрожь	What I saw made me shudder.
slender	тонкий, стройный, изящный	It's a lush forest of tall, slender bamboo stalks.
ink	чернила	I buy the inks on Amazon.
rainbow	радуга	Not just a rainbow, it's a double rainbow!
bachelor	холостяк	No wonder you're still a bachelor.
reciprocal	взаимный, ответный	This must be a mutual and reciprocal process.
clamour	шум, ропот, протесты	A clamor raised against the building of the pipeline.
pristine	нетронутый, первозданный	The only footprints on this pristine beach were ours.
fall through	провалиться	Sometimes people fall through the ceiling.
bunny	кролик (разг, детск.)	Cats eat mice bunnies eat carrots.
remnant	остаток	The remnants of that ancient people still live here.
dissipate	рассеивать	The contrail was dissipating rather fast.
flick through	просмотреть, пролистать	It'll take years to flick through all the TV channels.
solitude	одиночество	'Solitude' is my favorite painting of Thomas Harrison.
smuggle	провозить тайно	Old Taras is a cigarette smuggler.
gorgeous	шикарный	A gorgeous alligator crossed our way.
misery	несчастье, страдание	Such a thing will bring you only misery.
intercept	перехватить, перехватить	The Su-27 is going to intercept the B-52H.
motto	девиз	They have a very pompous motto.
dispel	развеяться, исчезнуть	Let me dispel these groundless rumors.
petal	лепесток	Rose petals were scattered all around.
terminal	конечный, заключительный	It was the terminal bus stop.
trench	траншея	I dug it up while digging a trench.
hefty	большой и тяжёлый	The dervish disappeared behind the hefty door.
mosque	мечеть	We are looking for the bazaar, not the mosque.
abduct	похищать	The cow was abducted by aliens.
appliance	прибор, приспособление	The printer is his favorite appliance.
avid	заядлый, рьяный, алчный	My father is an avid treasure hunter.
clutter	беспорядок, куча всего	Sometimes creative clutter becomes absolute chaos.
dispel	развеяться, исчезнуть	Let me dispel these groundless rumors.
petal	лепесток	Rose petals were scattered all around.
terminal	конечный, заключительный	It was the terminal bus stop.
trench	траншея	I dug it up while digging a trench.
hefty	большой и тяжёлый	The dervish disappeared behind the hefty door.
mosque	мечеть	We are looking for the bazaar, not the mosque.
abduct	похищать	The cow was abducted by aliens.
appliance	прибор, приспособление	The printer is his favorite appliance.
avid	заядлый, рьяный, алчный	My father is an avid treasure hunter.
clutter	беспорядок, куча всего	Sometimes creative clutter becomes absolute chaos.
underneath	под	His car was just underneath me.
parcel	посылка	Don't open the parcel without me.
fancy	представлять, полагать	I fancied that I heard voices from the corner.
flatter	льстить	Do not trust flatterers.
call for	требовать, взывать	We're calling for justice!
nausea	тошнота	I felt nausea and vertigo on my way back.
fuse	плавиться, сливаться	They make wonderful fused glass earrings.
lay down	установить (правило, норму)	The boss laid down a fierce set of rules.
superb	превосходный	Robert is a great friend and a superb athlete.
hiss	шипеть	When I tried to stroke her, she would hiss at me.
come by	зайти	She came by the bank to see me the other day.
cupboard	шкаф, буфет	A huge rat just ran under my cupboard.
run	управлять	He runs Hawkins lab.
congestion	загруженность, запор	They fail to relieve traffic congestion.
grievance	обида	She wouldn't explain her grievance against me.
dream up	придумать (в деталях)	Last night I dreamt up a story about a dragon.
help out	выручить	Help me out of here!
salvation	спасение	Your salvation is in your hands.
peninsula	полуостров	The lighthouse stands on a windy peninsula.
mercury	ртуть	We studied the properties of mercury vapor.
possess	обладать	Angels usually possess wings.
build on	нарастить, развить	Use every chance to build on your skills.
acquaint	знакомить	I can acquaint you with all the circumstances.
ransom	выкуп	Jake actually escaped before the ransom was paid.
retaliate	отплатить, отомстить	If they retaliate, we could have an all-out war.
bracket	скобка	Round brackets or square brackets? Or maybe braces?
melon	дыня	The scent of lemon is invigorating.
groove	канавка, желоб	For this purpose, there is a groove ten inches deep.
opt for	выбирать из вариантов	What kind of coffee do you opt for?
fog	туман	Smog means SMoky fOG.
sheer	отвесный	He fell down from the sheer cliff and survived.
throw away	выбрасывать	That's why his mother threw all those papers away.
mingle	смешиваться	We mingled with the crowd before the police arrived.
fossil	ископаемое	This fossil is 195 million years old.
bypass	обходить, обход	Don't worry, there is a bypass road.
mend	чинить, поправлять	Lindman was mending a net outside his house.
watchful	бдительный	Her watchful dog was ready to interfere.
devise	придумывать, изобретать	Look, I devised a simple layout.
triangle	треугольник	The impossible triangle is real.
durable	прочный, долговечный	That case is durable as shit, nothing's breaking it open.
drastic	радикальный, резкий	Drastic changes are imminent.
faucet	кран	The faucet was running full blast.
look up to	уважать, восхищаться	They were the people we looked up to.
arrogant	высокомерный	She is a brazen, arrogant bitch.
beforehand	заранее	But how could we know it beforehand?
dignity	достоинство	That dog has dignity and a mind of its own.
crave	желать, жаждать, требовать	The otters crave fish.
vivid	яркий	The museum was illuminated by vivid light.
disguise	маскировать, маскировка	This most common disguise is the Ghillie Suit.
theater (theatre)	театр	I have been doing theatre for the past 7 years.
grease	смазка, жир	It tastes fine, but there is too much grease in it.
lag	запаздывание	The sound lags behind the image.
disgrace	бесчестие, позор	This guy is a disgrace to our city.
sludge	осадок, отстой, ил	There are many bacteria in fecal sludge.
audible	слышимый	His voice on the recording is hardly audible.
pouch	сумочка, кошелёк	She thinks you stash drugs in your pouch.
clean up	убрать (мусор)	You should always clean up after yourself.
albeit	хотя	The coffee was hot, albeit weak.
disgust	отвращение	I disgust myself when I do like that.
reach out	потянуться (рукой)	Bob reached out to take the banana I offered.
subway	метро (амер.)	The nearest subway station is 5th Avenue.
tube	метро (в Лондоне)	Fun fact: the London Subway is called the Tube.
uprising (rising)	восстание	It was a convenient moment to stir up an uprising.
break down	ломаться	The cart broke down, but we delivered the cargo.
fairly	довольно, вполне	Ferrets are fairly intelligent predators.
outing	прогулка, пикник и т. д.	So... have fun on your outing.
inhibit	препятствовать, затруднять	The protective covering inhibits corrosion.
blackmail	шантажировать	I must find the man who blackmailed Mrs. Withers.
holler	крикнуть, окликнуть	If I were you, I'd have hollered for help.
crow	ворона	This is my crow, don't scare her.
shabby	облезлый, убогий	We rented a shabby house in the suburbs.
avert	предотвращать, отводить	The lightning rod was invented to avert such disasters.
dormitory	общежитие	My dormitory mate, Joe, came to my rescue.
brass	латунь	Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc.
jelly	желе	And for dessert, we have strawberry jelly.
beak	клюв	They have the most beautiful beaks, though.
waist	талия	I tried wearing a waist training corset.
pave	вымостить	There is an old road paved with cobble stones.
jaw	челюсть	It looks like a reindeer's jaw.
augment	увеличить, нарастить	This is how augmented reality works.
lineage	родословная	He is a man without lineage or heritage.
scrutiny	внимательный осмотр, изучение	I felt uncomfortable under his scrutiny.
wit	ум, остроумие	He was loved for his wit and wisdom.
shave	брить	Wait, don't you see I'm shaving?
lettuce	салат (латук)	Is there anything under the lettuce?
go against	противоречить	It goes against the laws of nature.
wrestle	бороться	He wrestled like he was possessed.
thigh	бедро	I wear them with thigh-high socks and a skirt.
gratitude	благодарность	Cause I don't need your gratitude.
beaver	бобр	Beavers are not as numerous as they used to be.
flake	слоиться, крошиться	Rusty metal is flaking off.
splash	брызги, всплеск	Anyway, I heard a couple of splashes.
toil	тяжело трудиться	I'm not gonna toil for him for the rest of my life.
goat	козел, коза	Now he lives in the country and breeds goats.
perish	погибать	It is dedicated to those who have perished in the sea.
imminent	неизбежный	I'm afraid significant damage is imminent.
purge	чистка, очищать	Thomas is purging a cryogenic hose.
bankrupt	банкрот, неплатежеспособный	I'm bankrupt financially. I'm bankrupt morally.
heed	прислушиваться, учитывать	Uncle John's warning must be heeded.
seal	тюлень	Do seals bite?
barb	шип, зазубрина	It's surrounded by a barbed wire fence.
pant	пыхтеть, задыхаться	The dog panted and smiled.
coconut	кокос	I climbed up a tree and plucked a fresh coconut for you.
cram	втискивать, впихивать	Up to 6 passengers can cram into a cab.
kidnap	похищать	First, they kidnapped a young woman.
ensue	следовать, вытекать	The ensuing fire destroyed two buildings.
enclose	окружать, заключать	We are enclosed by Toronto City Hall.
tangle	запутывать	The wires were tangled up a bit.
ridiculous	смешной, нелепый	I think this pose is a bit ridiculous.
duo	дуэт	Thank you, so glad you liked our duo.
entrepreneur	предприниматель	He is an entrepreneur. He deals in raisins.
waterfall	водопад	The Niagara waterfall is 127 feet high.
taint	загрязнить, испортить	The lake is tainted for years to come.
wash down	запивать	We eat fruits and wash them down with palm wine.
dispatch	отправлять, отправка	Dispatch John to check it out.
sow (sowed, sown)	сеять	You can't reap before you sow.
shovel	лопата или совок	So grab the shovel and start digging.
banish	отгонять	It's a reliable method of banishing devils and demons.
get along	ладить	My pets get along quite well.
depart	отправляться, отходить	We departed at sunset on Monday.
contempt	презрение, презирать	She never concealed her contempt for others.
cold	простуда	The common cold is most contagious for the first 3 days.
fortify	укреплять, поддерживать	The outer wall is fortified with thirteen towers.
override	перекрывать, отменять	A simple majority is required to override the veto.
repay	отплатить	Good will be repaid with good and evil with evil.
incur	навлечь, повлечь	It's risky to incur the wrath of gods.
lunar	лунный	A red lunar eclipse... a sign of the apocalypse.
bloat	раздуваться	You are like a little frog bloated with pride.
scowl	насупиться, рассердиться	He scowled when I refused to get him up.
crunch	хрустеть	The gravel crunched under his sneakers.
thrift	бережливость	Thrift is not my virtue.
ass	жопа	Get your dirty hands off my ass immediately.
outstanding	неоплаченный, нерешённый	How many outstanding bills do you have?
slate	шифер или сланец	A natural slate roof is common in England.
vinegar	уксус	Are you sure it's vinegar?
intersect	пересекаться	It's where the railroads intersect each other.
beware	остерегаться	Beware of coyotes!
discard	отбросить, отказаться	Discard useless information in your life.
expertise	опыт, компетенция	His expertise makes him indispensable.
preoccupy	занимать внимание	They are preoccupied with this strange phenomenon.
warp	деформироваться	The planks are warped and unstable.
soar	парить, взмывать (втч. о ценах)	An eagle soared over the castle.
vengeance	отмщение	The angels of vengeance will pursue the ungodly.
screw	к чёрту	Screw it. I'm tired.
displace	вытеснять, смещать	E-books almost displaced paper books.
reign	царствовать	Queen Victoria reigned for 63 years and 7 months.
rib	ребро	It had a second set of ribs called gastral ribs.
trickle	струйка, капать, сочиться	The trickle becomes a stream and then a flood.
excerpt	выдержка, отрывок	Here is the excerpt I told you about.
savor	вкус, смаковать	Aunt Lisa savored every cherry.
impede	затруднять	Deep snow impedes movement.
canvas	холст	He helped me fix the canvas on the frame.
scurry	бежать, сновать, суетиться	A squirrel scurried across the road.
litter	мусор (на улице)	Last autumn we collected all the litter here.
tranquil	спокойный	Perhaps it's too tranquil and boring to live here.
butcher	мясник	My dad was a butcher, and my granddad too.
mole	родинка	A mole on the left cheek denotes introvert behavior.
decay	распад, упадок, разлагаться	Gradually the city fell into decay.
erode	размывать, выветривать	In the coming years, this path will be eroded completely.
outskirts	окраина, окрестности	He is hiding somewhere in the outskirts.
briefcase	портфель	Half an hour ago, I put it in my briefcase.
timid	робкий, пугливый	The cat was timid and always hiding somewhere.
evoke	вызывать	Red evokes aggression.
susceptible	восприимчивый, подверженный	Heavy users are susceptible to hallucinations.
coarse	грубый, крупный, шероховатый	The sacks are sewn of coarse fabric.
ham	ветчина	This ham is nice; cut me a slice.
entity	сущность	It's some supernatural entity.
show around	показать места	I've grown up here, let me show you around.
bend down	наклониться	Kathy bent down to tie the lace of her sneaker.
withhold	утаивать, удерживать	They had no right to withhold this fact anymore.
briefcase	портфель	Half an hour ago, I put it in my briefcase.
timid	робкий, пугливый	The cat was timid and always hiding somewhere.
evoke	вызывать	Red evokes aggression.
susceptible	восприимчивый, подверженный	Heavy users are susceptible to hallucinations.
coarse	грубый, крупный, шероховатый	The sacks are sewn of coarse fabric.
ham	ветчина	This ham is nice; cut me a slice.
entity	сущность	It's some supernatural entity.
show around	показать места	I've grown up here, let me show you around.
bend down	наклониться	Kathy bent down to tie the lace of her sneaker.
withhold	утаивать, удерживать	They had no right to withhold this fact anymore.
adjective	прилагательное	Some languages do without adjectives.
cartoon	мультфильм	Leave me alone, I'm watching a cartoon.
overview	обзор	This book gives a basic overview of glaciology.
calf (pl:calves)	теленок	Keep in mind that calves need watering.
flick	фильм (разг.)	It's a weird flick but it's nothing wow.
temple	висок	The temple bone is the thinnest bone of the skull.
pervasive	расширяющийся, всепроникающий	This approach becomes pervasive.
roadside	обочина, придорожный	Poppies and cornflowers grow along the roadside.
veil	вуаль, закрывать	The lady with the veil is the artist's wife.
fuck with	дразнить, шутить, злить	Hey, don't fuck with my dog!
directory	справочник	Look him up in the directory.
flex	сгибать	Can you flex your fingers like that?
darling	дорогой/ая (устар.)	Don't speed up, darling.
dispense with	обойтись без, избавиться	We were able to dispense with their participation.
pluck	сорвать, выдернуть	She plucked a leaf and showed it to me.
make out	целоваться	I saw her making out with that guy from Queens.
insurgent	повстанец, мятежник	The city is under the control of the insurgents.
woo	ухаживать, добиваться	He was determined to woo her heart.
oyster	устрица	Oysters, mussels and some other shellfish.
righteous	праведный	Righteous anger gave her eloquence.
come under	подвергнуться	That night we came under dragon attack.
outset	начало	But I've been with you from the very outset!
tack	курс, линия поведения	Suddenly, the ship changed tack.
foyer	фойе	There was an ATM in the foyer of the museum.
text	писать (сообщение)	Please text me back as soon as you get my message.
plaque	бляшка, металлический знак	His eyes came to rest on a plaque on the wall.
chap	парень	Poor chap. He doesn't know the worst part yet.
ensemble	ансамбль	I was kicked out of the ensemble.
consent	согласие, разрешение	Jacob got his father's consent and blessing.
coil	катушка, моток, наматывать	Get the hatchet, a coil of rope, and come with me.
frog	лягушка	Frogs returned to my pond.
lame	хромой	In spite of being lame, he set out on the road.
smirk	ухмылка	So what was that smirk about?
homeland	родина	Jack left his homeland 20 years ago.
go on	продолжаться	Shit happens. Life goes on.
endow	наделять, даровать	The king endowed him with lands and honours.
track down	разыскать, отследить	Police tracked him down through the cell phone.
slippery	скользкий	The sidewalk was wet and slippery.
gum	жвачка	Don't throw gum on the sidewalk.
unbelievable	невероятный	It's unbelievable. Bloody unbelievable!
stud	шпилька	Its trunk is studded with thick conical prickles.
plank	доска, планка	Tom tore a plank off the fence.
upright	честный	Maybe our mayor is an upright man.
coverage	освещение	The incident received broad media coverage.
jar	банка, кувшин и т. д.	What is in the jars over there?
rivet	заклёпка, приковывать, клепать	He knows every rivet in this vessel.
umbrella	зонтик	Is there anyone under the umbrella?
grapple	сцепиться, бороться	They grappled, trying to overturn one another.
sturdy	крепкий	This table is sturdy enough to sit on.
conscience	совесть, сознательность	Where is your conscience?
molest	приставать, досаждать	Did he molest you, too?
casket	шкатулка или гроб (амер.)	This thing is called Money Casket.
adverb	наречие	Adding the suffix 'ly' turns an adjective into an adverb.
hold on	держаться	Hold on tight not to fall down.
vault	хранилище, об. в подвале	The vault door doesn't close back.
expenditure	расходы	The current expenditures keep increasing.
flakes	хлопья	Corn flakes is a healthy breakfast for athletes.
conquest	завоевание	The book is about the conquest of Constantinople.
ashtray	пепельница	Your ashtray stinks. Take it away from me.
realm	царство или область (перен.)	Dreams come true in the realm of dreams.
rubber	резина, резиновый	You can use my yellow rubber gloves.
falter	колебаться, дрогнуть	My zeal began to cool, my resolution faltered.
lazy	ленивый	I am as lazy as a marmot.
cloud	облако	I see skies of blue and clouds of white. ©
daily	ежедневно	Every dog needs daily walking.
sunset	закат солнца	You never know if it's your last sunset.
shred	мелко порубить	It shreds the tops into small pieces.
hit back	отыграться, отбиться	We did our best to hit back.
alas	увы	But this, alas, is no longer true.
pass by	проходить мимо	The people passing by did not seem to notice me.
bail	залог	He was granted bail pending his appeal.
thread	нить	Help me put the thread into the needle's eye.
journalism	журналистика	I was going to devote my life to journalism.
intended	предназначенный	The blue light is intended to have a calming effect.
helmet (helm)	шлем	Why did he leave his helmet here?
pineapple	ананас	Don't eat too much pineapple.
go off	отключиться	The power often goes off and goes on again.
magnitude	величина, сила	We don't know the real magnitude of the storm.
resurrect	воскрешать	He performed miracles, resurrected the dead etc.
depot	хранилище, база, склад	Nzuzi is in charge of the weapons depot.
shallow	мелкий	Bears were playing in shallow water nearby.
signify	означать	A red flag signifies a closed beach.
squint	щуриться или коситься	Alexa squinted to see the ladybug.
propagate	размножать, распространять	Strawberries propagate naturally from runners.
bruise	синяк, ушиб	We should conceal the bruise.
oversight	надзор	That's why strict oversight is required.
inject	впрыскивать, вкачивать	The fuel is injected through the spray tip.
eject	выталкивать	It's an opening through which a spent shell is ejected.
worthwhile	стоящий	It took some effort, but the results were worthwhile.
submerge	погружаться под воду	The submarine submerged but soon popped up again.
precious	драгоценный	This precious stone is a special one.
peril	опасность, угроза	The bridge is in peril of falling down.
ape	обезьяна (крупная)	He played primates in the Planet of the Apes films.
kettle	чайник	Don't boil an empty kettle.
spawn	порождать, порождение и т. д.	I planted mushroom spawn in May in my garden.
liaison	связь	Patrick has been an air liaison officer.
proximity	близость	The price depends on proximity to the sea.
hospitality	гостеприимство	You can not but admire Jewish hospitality.
intelligible	вразумительный, понятный	The inscription is intelligible, it's not unusual.
shaft	шахта (напр. лифта)	Ben dropped his phone into the elevator shaft.
hardware	аппаратные средства	It must be a hardware issue.
noun	существительное	It can be used as both a noun and a verb.
traffic light	светофор	Sometimes I go through the red traffic light.
raid	набег	Even Poland suffered from Mongol raids.
brew	заваривать, варить напиток	In 2012 we started brewing craft beer.
bizarre	странный, причудливый	Something bizarre is going on here.
verge	грань, предел	She said Mike was on the verge of suicide.
buzz	жужжать	Birds sang, and bees buzzed all around.
bristle	щетина	A toothbrush with hard bristles may hurt your gums.
output	выпуск, выход	The output of rolled steel increases.
hardware	аппаратные средства	It must be a hardware issue.
noun	существительное	It can be used as both a noun and a verb.
traffic light	светофор	Sometimes I go through the red traffic light.
raid	набег	Even Poland suffered from Mongol raids.
brew	заваривать, варить напиток	In 2012 we started brewing craft beer.
bizarre	странный, причудливый	Something bizarre is going on here.
verge	грань, предел	She said Mike was on the verge of suicide.
buzz	жужжать	Birds sang, and bees buzzed all around.
bristle	щетина	A toothbrush with hard bristles may hurt your gums.
output	выпуск, выход	The output of rolled steel increases.
freight	грузовой	Have you tried traveling by freight train?
pancake	блин, оладья	Welcome to our pancake house!
peck	клевать	A hoopoe pecked something out of the grass.
bunk	койка, спальное место	The nightly fee is $ 14 for a bunk in the hostel.
outlook	перспектива, вид, кругозор	The outlook for the next year is much better.
crest	гребень	I was on the crest of the highest wave.
flush	румянец, порозоветь	She flushed and lowered her eyes.
burrow	нора, зарываться	I wonder whose burrow this is.
housewife	домохозяйка	It was published in cookery books for housewives.
bleed (bled, bled)	кровоточить	My nail was still bleeding and throbbing.
carpenter	плотник	Lincoln's father was a carpenter by trade.
backbone	хребет	A snake's backbone is incredibly flexible.
bill	банкнота	Andrew Jackson is on the 20 dollar bill.
contemplate	созерцать или размышлять	I found J. on the roof, contemplating the city.
velvet	бархат	Her voice sounded like maroon velvet.
futile	тщетный, напрасный	My labor is as futile as that of Sisyphus.
go about	заниматься (делами)	The countrymen went about their daily activities.
look out	смотреть (опасность!)	Look out! He is angry!
segregate	разделять	The viewers were segregated by race.
blatant	явный, вопиющий	Incredibly blatant lies!
wholesale	опт	Wholesale prices rise like mad.
hilarious	веселый, забавный, смешной	You are just hilarious today, dude.
sidewalk	тротуар	Look, they are already at the end of the sidewalk.
clerical	канцелярский, административный	She carries out clerical duties of a secretary.
pierce	проколоть	I just got my tongue pierced that's why I lisp.
whine	ныть, скулить	We don't whine and cry.
prominent	выдающийся, видный	This skyscraper is a prominent landmark here.
frown	хмуриться	When she frowns, she looks like her mother.
plight	тяжёлое положение, участь	We don't care about the plight of the refugees.
goddess	богиня	She is certainly not human, so she's kind of a goddess.
underground	подземный	Walk through the underground passage.
refrain	воздерживаться	I try to refrain from coffee or other caffeine
captive	пленник	What will we do with the captive?
heat up	разогреть	You can use a hair dryer to heat the meal up.
lantern	фонарь	The lantern Festival is put on near Chiang Mai.
harbor (harbour)	гавань, порт	It's not in the harbour yet.
allude	намекать, указывать	He alludes to some source that did not survive.
cater	обслуживать	Who was the waitress who catered to us?
bash	колотить	Troccolante bashed on the door: bam, bam, bam.
drought	засуха	The district is exposed to droughts and to floods.
receipt	получение	They will have to confirm the receipt of this letter.
quilt	одеяло (стёганное)	Please take the quilt inside.
whereabouts	местонахождение	They will never discover my whereabouts.
beat up	побить	I don't even remember why I beat him up.
ferry	переправа, паром	The ferry goes back in an hour. Take your time.
bartender	бармен	That bartender at the hotel is a friend of mine.
germ	микроб или зародыш	It's a very dangerous germ that causes diarrhea.
linen	бельё	On the top shelf, under the linens.
showcase	витрина, демонстрировать	We don't put them in the showcase.
tablet	плитка, пластина	Excuse me, I'm writing from the tablet.
hold up	задержать, затормозить	I got held up in a traffic jam. Every day the same shit.
perk	привилегия, преимущество	My job has its perks.
napkin	салфетка	Jeremy wrote down the set list on a napkin.
merchandise	товар	New Game of Thrones merchandise arrived.
turtle	черепаха	Let's talk about turtles.
climax	кульминация, разгар	His speech is the movie's climax.
regiment	полк	He obtained a commission in the royal regiment.
snack	лёгкая закуска	Here's a snack for you guys.
waffle	вафля, вафельный	Waffles with Nutella were for breakfast.
backdrop	фон	They all take pictures against the backdrop of the flag.
dispense	распределять, раздавать	This machine dispenses some pills.
outgoing	уходящий	They were just able to catch the last outgoing train.
saddle	седло	Honey, here's a horse and a saddle.
tedious	утомительный, нудный	The novel is interesting, but tedious.
tick	клещ	Carefully remove the tick with tweezers.
loot	грабить, добыча	His store was looted by the protesters as well.
shareholder	акционер	You know, I'm a shareholder of Microsoft.
sneer	усмешка, насмехаться	I couldn't stand her sneers anymore.
arrow	стрела, стрелка	Which of the arrows did he mean?
windowpane	оконное стекло	I watched him through the wet windowpane.
hen	курица	Some hens can dance.
seep	просачиваться, проникать	This shit seeps through the concrete tank.
await	ожидать	We await the results of the experiment.
coerce	принуждать	Brian was coerced into the deal.
complement	набор, состав, комплект	We have a full complement of chess pieces.
strive (strove, striven)	стремиться, добиваться	I've been striving for this result for two years.
affluent	обеспеченный, состоятельный	Even the affluent don't have everything.
raft	плот	The day before yesterday, I floated on this raft.
runway	взлётная полоса	Is the runway icy or has it been cleared off?
greed	жадность	Oh, their greed is insatiable.
round down	округлить (вниз)	Let's round the price down to 200?
execute	казнить	Danton was executed by guillotine.
bath	ванна	The thermal baths are the cleanest in the region.
cone	конус	This cone is an 18'th century glasswork furnace.
defy	пренебрегать, отрицать	Sometimes I defy prohibitions.
linen	льняная ткань	Natural linen wrinkles easily, but it's cool.
kin	родственник или родня	All our kin gathered for the reunion.
hammer	молоток	They gave me a Thor's Hammer for my birthday.
glint	вспыхнуть, сверкнуть (слегка)	The sun glinted on the drops of water.
creek	ручей	Let's get some water from the creek.
aunt	тётя	My aunt likes to walk in the mountains.
ward off	предотвратить, отогнать	Use the spray to ward off mosquitoes.
fall for	влюбляться	Girls always fall for Greg and ignore me.
shade	оттенок (яркости)	Try various shades of gray.
creep	гад, урод (разг)	I have nothing to do with that creep.
hemisphere	полушарие	He has never been to the eastern hemisphere.
rule	править	Pharaohs ruled until the Roman conquest.
dash	разрушить (перен.)	My hopes and dreams were dashed once again.
pastime	времяпрепровождение	Board games remained a popular pastime.
scarlet	алый	Scarlet Sails is a festival for high school graduates.